# Ramp Developer API

## Guides

# Ramp Developer API Guides

Plain-text guide export for Ramp's Developer API.

title: Accounting
source_url: /developer-api/v1/accounting
text_url: /llms-guides/accounting.txt
summary: Ramp's API can be used to keep data in sync between Ramp and an external accounting system.

content:
Ramp's API can be used to keep data in sync between Ramp and an external accounting system.

This guide is targeted towards developers building a connection between Ramp and a remote accounting/ERP system.

By following this guide, you'll enable seamless data flow between Ramp and your ERP, keeping vendors, GL accounts, and transaction data synchronized.

Building an accounting integration involves three main steps: configuring the connection, uploading your chart of accounts, and implementing object sync.

Before you start

1. Configure Accounting Connection

2. Upload COA and Custom Fields

3. Implement Object Sync

4. Advanced Configuration (Optional)

There are three core processes that must be built as part of an accounting integration:

Configure Connection

Establish an accounting connection between Ramp and your ERP system.

Chart of Accounts

Import GL accounts, custom fields, field options, and vendors from your ERP into Ramp.

Object Sync

Fetch ready-to-sync objects from Ramp, transfer them to your ERP, and mark them as synced.

Create Accounting Connection

Before syncing your chart of accounts, you need to establish an accounting connection between Ramp and your ERP system. This connection serves as the foundation for all accounting data synchronization.

You can check if an accounting connection already exists by calling the GET /developer/v1/accounting/connection endpoint:

If you need to disconnect an existing accounting connection, use the DELETE /developer/v1/accounting/connection endpoint:

Disconnecting will clear accounting data

Disconnecting an accounting connection will remove all associated custom fields, GL accounts, and vendors. See the Migration section for guidance on preserving data during connection changes.

To create a new Developer API accounting connection, use the POST /developer/v1/accounting/connection endpoint:

The remote_provider_name field identifies your accounting system.

Chart of Accounts and Custom Fields

When integrating your ERP with Ramp, one of the first setup steps is syncing your chart of accounts — the list of general ledger accounts, vendors, and classification fields that ensure every Ramp transaction is properly coded in your ERP.

This section walks through how to:

Understand what's imported into Ramp from your ERP

Upload data for each category (GL Accounts, Custom Fields, Vendors)

Verify the data inside the Ramp UI after import

GL Accounts

✅ Always required

API configurable

Primary accounting categories (e.g., expense or revenue accounts).

POST /developer/v1/accounting/accounts

Custom Fields

⚙️ Optional

Adds metadata such as department or cost center.

POST /developer/v1/accounting/fields

Custom Field Options

Options for custom fields (e.g., department values).

POST /developer/v1/accounting/field-options

Vendors

Defines supplier names for bills or transactions.

POST /developer/v1/accounting/vendors

Entities

UI only (read-only via API)

Business units or subsidiaries configured directly in Ramp.

UI only

Chart of Accounts cannot be modified for Ramp accounts using a direct accounting connection

This applies to GL accounts, custom fields, and vendors - they become read-only via API when a direct connection is active.

GL Accounts define the categories under which your company records transactions — such as expenses, revenue, or assets. These accounts are imported from your ERP and uploaded to Ramp to ensure consistent coding across systems.

Example GL accounts:

EXPENSE

6410

514

Employees: Salaries & Wages

—

418

Office/Admin: Phone & Internet

REVENUE

425

Sales

To upload your GL accounts to Ramp, use the POST /developer/v1/accounting/accounts endpoint:

Once you make the POST call, this is what the GL accounts look like in the Ramp UI:

Custom fields let you import classifications from your ERP like Department, Cost Center, or Location.

Example Custom Field:

Department

SINGLE_CHOICE

To create a new custom field in Ramp, use the POST /developer/v1/accounting/fields endpoint:

Once you make the POST call, this is what the custom field looks like in the Ramp UI:

The POST call to create an accounting field will return a ramp_id in the response if successful.

To upload custom field options to Ramp, use the POST /developer/v1/accounting/field-options endpoint using the ramp_id from the API call:

Example Custom Field Options:

Engineering & Design

Sales & Marketing

Once you make the POST calls, this is what the field looks like in the Ramp UI:

Vendors represent suppliers or payees from your ERP and allow users to tag bills, transactions, or purchase orders in Ramp.

Example Vendor Data:

V-5500-0130

AirTable

V-5500-0135

Slack Technologies, LLC

V-5500-0142

Microsoft

To upload your vendors to Ramp, use the POST /developer/v1/accounting/vendors endpoint:

Once you make the POST call, this is what the field looks like in the Ramp UI:

When managing your chart of accounts in Ramp, there are two distinct ways to remove an item (field option, GL account, or vendor) from cardholder selection: deleting (deactivating) and hiding. Choosing the right approach depends on whether you want to preserve the ability to sync data for that item in the future.

Use the DELETE endpoint when you never want to sync the item again. This marks the item as inactive (is_active: false), which:

Removes it from cardholder selection in the Ramp UI

Prevents it from being used in future transaction coding

Does not permanently remove the record — it can be reactivated later if needed

Deleting is appropriate for items that have been retired from your ERP and should no longer appear anywhere in Ramp.

Custom field options

DELETE /developer/v1/accounting/field-options/{field_option_id}

Custom fields

DELETE /developer/v1/accounting/fields/{field_id}

GL accounts

DELETE /developer/v1/accounting/accounts/{gl_account_id}

DELETE /developer/v1/accounting/vendors/{vendor_id}

Example — delete a vendor:

To reactivate any deleted item, send a PATCH request with "reactivate": true:

Use the visibility field on a custom field option when you want to stop cardholders from coding new transactions with it, but preserve values that have already been coded. Setting visibility to HIDDEN:

Removes the option from cardholder selection dropdowns

Keeps the option active (is_active: true) so existing codings are preserved and can still be synced

Allows you to make it selectable again at any time by setting visibility back to VISIBLE

Hiding is appropriate when a field option is no longer in active use in your ERP but you still need to sync historical transactions that reference it.

Example — hide a field option:

Example — make a hidden field option visible again:

Use when

You never want to sync this item again

You want to stop new coding but preserve historical values

Effect on is_active

Sets to false

Remains true

Visible to cardholders

No

Existing codings preserved

Yes, but item cannot be synced

Yes, and item can still be synced

How to reverse

PATCH with "reactivate": true

PATCH with "visibility": "VISIBLE"

Applies to

Fields, field options, GL accounts, vendors

Field options only

Choosing the right approach

If in doubt, prefer hiding over deleting for field options. Hiding is less disruptive because it keeps the option active for sync purposes. Only use DELETE when you are certain the item should be fully deactivated.

Accounting vendors (ERP-side identifiers) and Ramp vendors are separate entities that can be linked together. Here's how to set up and connect them:

1. Create or update Accounting vendors

Use the POST /developer/v1/accounting/vendors endpoint to create accounting vendors with your ERP-side identifiers:

2. Link the Ramp vendor to the Accounting vendor

Update the existing Ramp vendor to point to the correct accounting vendor using accounting_vendor_remote_id via PATCH /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}:

3. (Optional) Set a vendor code on the Accounting vendor

If your ERP setup expects a separate "code" field (distinct from the remote ID), set it directly on the accounting vendor using PATCH /developer/v1/accounting/vendors/{vendor_id}:

For organizations with multiple business entities (subsidiaries, divisions, etc.), entities are created and managed directly in the Ramp UI. When fetching objects via the API, you can scope requests to a specific entity using the entity_id parameter.

See Managing multiple entities for more information on setting up entities in Ramp.

When uploading chart of accounts data, several endpoints support batch operations with specific limits. All batch operations use "all-or-nothing" processing - if any item in a batch fails validation, the entire batch is rejected:

General Ledger Accounts

500 accounts

Accounting Vendors

500 vendors

500 options

Accounting Syncs

5,000 records

Multiple API Calls Supported

These limits apply per API call, not as total limits. You can make multiple API calls to upload more than the per-call limit. For example, to upload 2,000 custom field options, you would make 4 separate API calls with 500 options each.

To sync accounting data between Ramp and your ERP system, you'll need to implement an object sync process. This process involves:

Fetching ready-to-sync objects from Ramp using the API

Transferring the data to your ERP system

Marking objects as synced in Ramp once successfully transferred using the Sync Status endpoint

Once an object has been marked as synced, it will no longer be visible in the primary Accounting View of the account.

Objects cannot be marked as synced via API when using a direct accounting connection

Objects in Ramp follow different patterns for when they become ready to sync with your ERP system. Some objects are automatically marked as ready based on their status, while others require manual action by users in the Ramp UI.

Bills

Automatic

Ready when not deleted AND either approved or created (based on accounting settings) AND not yet synced

Bill Payments

Ready when not deleted AND fully paid (payment_status=PAID)

Transfers

Ready when transfer payment is accepted

Cashback Payments

Automatically ready to sync without user action

Transactions

Manual

Users must mark as 'ready to sync' in Ramp UI

Reimbursements

For transactions and reimbursements that require manual action, users can mark them as ready to sync in the Ramp UI:

1. ERP makes API call to Ramp to fetch ready-to-sync transactions

To fetch ready-to-sync transactions, make an API call to GET /developer/v1/transactions?sync_status=SYNC_READY.

2. Ramp responds with list of transactions that are ready to sync

Here's an example response Ramp sends in response to GET /developer/v1/transactions?sync_status=SYNC_READY (additional fields are available not shown here):

3. ERP processes the data and uploads it to the remote accounting system

Process the transaction data and create the corresponding entries in your ERP system using the accounting categories, line items, and other relevant fields.

4. ERP calls Ramp's sync endpoint to mark objects as synced

Call POST /developer/v1/accounting/syncs to notify Ramp of a list of sync results. An idempotency key is required to ensure that subsequent requests are properly handled.

Bills require a two-step sync process: first sync the invoice, then sync the payment once it's complete.

Invoice Sync

Fetch bills that haven't been synced yet:

After you create the invoice in your ERP, mark the bill as invoice-synced in Ramp:

This updates the bill's sync_status to BILL_SYNCED.

Payment Sync

Once the bill is paid, fetch bills that have been invoice-synced but not payment-synced:

After you create the payment in your ERP, mark the payment as synced in Ramp:

There are two methods for implementing object sync between Ramp and your remote system:

Polling: Periodically fetch ready-to-sync objects from Ramp API endpoints

Webhooks: Receive real-time notifications when objects become ready to sync

Polling

The polling method involves periodically fetching ready-to-sync objects from Ramp API endpoints. We recommend polling every 1–4 hours on weekdays and every 12 hours on weekends for the latest information.

The polling object sync process follows this flow:

ERP makes API calls to Ramp to fetch objects that are ready to sync

Ramp responds with a list of objects that are ready to sync

ERP processes the data and uploads it to the remote accounting system

ERP calls Ramp's sync endpoint to mark objects as synced

Use these endpoints to fetch objects that are ready to sync from Ramp:

GET /developer/v1/bills?sync_ready=true

GET /developer/v1/transactions?sync_status=SYNC_READY

GET /developer/v1/reimbursements?sync_status=SYNC_READY

GET /developer/v1/transfers?sync_status=SYNC_READY

Cashbacks

GET /developer/v1/cashbacks?sync_status=SYNC_READY

Webhooks

Instead of polling for ready-to-sync objects, you can use webhooks to receive real-time notifications when objects become ready to sync. This eliminates the need for frequent polling and provides immediate notifications.

Supported Webhook Events

You can subscribe to these webhook events for real-time sync notifications:

transactions.ready_to_sync: Triggered when transactions are marked as ready to sync

Setting Up Webhooks

To implement webhook-based object sync:

Configure webhook endpoints in your ERP system to receive notifications

Subscribe to relevant events using Ramp's webhook configuration

Process incoming webhook payloads to identify ready-to-sync objects

Fetch object details using the appropriate API endpoints

Mark objects as synced after successful transfer

For detailed webhook setup instructions, see our Webhooks Guide.

Manual Exports

Objects ready to sync can optionally be Exported from the accounting tab, which will automatically mark them as synced. It's important to inform customers using an API-based ERP connection to not use this export button.

In cases when you are unable to sync an object to the remote system, you can use the failed_syncs parameter on the Sync Status endpoint to convey issues back to the user.

These issues will be displayed in the Accounting tab as Export Errors.

Errors generally fall into three categories:

User-actionable

Error title + resolution steps

"Accounting period is closed. Open the period in NetSuite and retry."

Transient / retryable

Error title + prompt to retry

"NetSuite is temporarily unavailable. Please try again in a few minutes."

Requires integrator support

Error title + support contact with reference ID

"Unexpected error syncing transaction. Reach out to us at support@example.com with reference ID abc123 for more help."

Automatically migrate your existing accounting connection with our ERP Migration Tool (in Beta).

Sync Outstanding Data: Ensure all ready-to-sync objects (transactions, bills, reimbursements) are marked as synced via the API or Ramp UI. This avoids losing data during migration.

Document Rules and Automations: Export or note all accounting rules, automations, and configurations. These will need to be recreated with the new connection.

Fetch and Store the Current Chart of Accounts:
Use the Accounting Custom Fields API to fetch current custom fields.
Use the Accounting GL Accounts API to fetch all active GL accounts.
Use the Accounting Vendors API to fetch vendor data.

Use the Accounting Custom Fields API to fetch current custom fields.

Use the Accounting GL Accounts API to fetch all active GL accounts.

Use the Accounting Vendors API to fetch vendor data.

Save the fetched data securely for re-upload after creating the new connection.

Disconnect the Existing Connection: Use the Accounting Connection API to disable the current connection. This action will clear associated accounting settings (Custom Fields, GL Accounts, Vendors).

Create the New Connection: Establish the new connection via the API or Ramp UI.

Reconfigure and Re-upload Data:
Use the Accounting Custom Fields API to upload custom fields.
Use the Accounting GL Accounts API to upload GL accounts.
Use the Accounting Vendors API to upload vendor data.

Use the Accounting Custom Fields API to upload custom fields.

Use the Accounting GL Accounts API to upload GL accounts.

Use the Accounting Vendors API to upload vendor data.

Verify and Test the New Connection: Perform a small batch test to ensure the new connection is working as expected. Validate that synced data appears correctly in the new accounting system.

Follow the instructions in this article to rebuild any accounting automations within the Ramp account.

Migrating Accounting Connections will result in a loss of historical chart of accounts codings. Ensure chart of accounts is backed up before proceeding with a migration.

Accounting Connection

Understand and manage the current state of an account's Accounting Connection.

Accounting Custom Fields

Leverage fields to code transactions, reimbursements, and bills.

Manage Vendor options for coding transactions, reimbursements, bills, and purchase orders.

Accounting Sync

Mark objects as 'synced' after successful addition to the remote accounting system.

Accounting GL Accounts

Manage GL accounts used for coding transactions, reimbursements, bills, and purchase orders.

View business entities associated with a Ramp account.

Fetch accounting codings and metadata from card transactions.

Fetch accounting codings and metadata from bills and payments.

Fetch accounting codings and metadata from employee reimbursements.

Fetch accounting codings and metadata from cashback earned via Ramp cards.

Statements

Fetch payments for Ramp card statements.

Purchase Orders

Fetch and create purchase orders.

Are Purchase Orders available with all connection types?

Yes, purchase orders can be fetched and created via the API regardless of your accounting connection type. POs are not considered part of the accounting connection configuration—they're a separate feature available to all users with API access.

Is it possible to have multiple Accounting Connections active at once as part of a customer migration?

No, this is a known limitation of migrating Ramp accounts between connections.

Are there any limitations to the lookback period for API objects such as Transactions?

There are no lookback limits; all historical objects are available via API.

Can I fetch payments associated with a bill via the API?

Yes, payment details are nested within the Bill object. Use the Bills API to fetch the payment_status field and update the sync status accordingly once the payment is completed.

Do users need to configure both Ramp and their finance/ERP systems for integrations to work?

Yes, most integrations require setup on both ends:

Ramp: Users authorize the app with the necessary permissions for the integration use case.

Remote System: Users often need to configure endpoints, set up API access, or install connectors to accept data from Ramp.

Does Ramp enforce encryption for data transmissions?

Yes, Ramp ensures encryption across all data transmissions:

HTTPS Encryption: All API requests and responses are encrypted using HTTPS.

Data Storage: Data stored in Ramp systems is encrypted for security.

For additional encryption needs, developers can implement payload-level encryption before sending or receiving data, as required.

Can apps be hosted on Ramp infrastructure?

Currently, apps must be hosted externally, meaning they run on partner infrastructure and integrate with Ramp via APIs. While hosting on Ramp's infrastructure is not currently supported, it could be considered in the future for specific apps requiring deeper integration or enhanced control.

---

title: ERP Migration Tool
source_url: /developer-api/v1/accounting-erp-migration
text_url: /llms-guides/accounting-erp-migration.txt
summary: This guide explains how integrators can set up a new API-based accounting connection to use the ERP migration tool.

content:
This guide explains how integrators can set up a new API-based accounting connection to use the ERP migration tool.

Feature Access Required

Note: This feature is currently in Beta and must be manually enabled by Ramp. Please reach out to your Account Manager for assistance.

Requirements

Your app must have scopes accounting:read and accounting:write

Make a POST to create a new, inactive accounting connection

Choose a descriptive customer-facing name for remote_provider_name and set is_active to false:

Example response

Notes

Status should be unlinked

remote_provider_name appears in the customer UI when they switch providers

Save the returned id for subsequent calls

For write operations to set up the custom fields and chart of accounts, include the id from the previous request for the accounting_connection_id in the request body:

2a. Upload GL accounts

2b. Create a custom accounting field

2c. Add options for a custom field

2d. Upload vendors

After setting up the COA and custom fields

Call POST developer/v1/accounting/connection/<accounting_connection_id>/ready-to-migrate to mark the inactive connection as ready.

This makes the new provider selectable in the customer UI

Result

The inactive accounting connection is marked as ready

The customer can now switch to this provider in the UI

Navigate to Accounting → Settings → Danger Zone → Switch Providers:

Select the inactive provider by the title you chose for remote_provider_name:

Follow the on-screen steps to map fields from the old connection to the new one and complete migration

---

title: Applications
source_url: /developer-api/v1/applications
text_url: /llms-guides/applications.txt
summary: The Applications API lets developers programmatically pre-fill Ramp applications on behalf of new businesses. Each application creates a new business in Ramp and kicks off an asynchronous approval process.

content:
The Applications API lets developers programmatically pre-fill Ramp applications on behalf of new businesses. Each application creates a new business in Ramp and kicks off an asynchronous approval process.

Note that this API creates and pre-fills but does not submit the application - in all cases, the end user will have to submit the application from the Ramp UX.

How It Works

The application flow has three participants: your platform, Ramp, and the applicant (the business signing up).

Submit the application — You call POST /applications with the applicant's information

Applicant receives an email — Ramp sends the applicant an email with sign-up instructions

Applicant completes sign-up — The applicant creates their Ramp account. At this point, the user may be redirected either to the application or an OAuth consent screen.

User completes and submits the application in browser - the user verifies their information is correct, performs final steps and submits application for Ramp review

Ramp reviews the application — The application goes through Ramp's approval process

Application is approved or rejected — Subscribe to webhooks to get notified of status changes

Authorization

You must use the Client Credentials grant type to create a new application; the POST endpoint does not require any scopes. To read application status afterward, you'll need the applications:read scope granted on the applicant business via the Authorization Code flow.

Submitting an Application

Use POST /applications to submit a new application.

The POST endpoint is designed to be safely retried:

If the applicant's email doesn't exist in Ramp, a new business and application are created

If the email already exists and the business is still in the application stage, the invitation email is re-sent

If the business is already approved, the request is a no-op

The endpoint returns a success response in all cases, with no response body.

OAuth

Provide oauth_authorize_params in your request to redirect the user to Ramp's OAuth consent screen after accepting their invite.

You include oauth_authorize_params with a redirect_uri and state in the POST request

After the applicant accepts the invite and signs up, they're shown an OAuth consent screen asking them to grant your app the applications:read and applications:write scopes

Upon approval, the applicant is redirected to your redirect_uri with an authorization code and state

You exchange the code for an access token, giving you API access to the application for the new business

Without oauth_authorize_params, the applicant is sent directly to the Ramp application after accepting the invite — no OAuth consent screen is shown. However, you may still prompt the user to authorize the connection later.

redirect_uri requirements

The redirect_uri must be registered in your app's configuration in the Ramp Developer Console and must use HTTPS (or localhost for development).

After the applicant approves access, exchange the authorization code for a token as described in the Authorization Guide.

After the OAuth handoff completes — or at any point after submitting an application — you can link the applicant to Ramp's sign-in page to finish their application:

The email query parameter is optional. When provided, it auto-populates the email field on the sign-in page so the applicant doesn't have to type it in.

Invite must be accepted first

The applicant won't be able to sign in until they've accepted the email invite from Ramp. If they haven't received or accepted the invite yet, direct them to check their inbox first.

Application Status Lifecycle

Each application moves through the following statuses:

STARTED

Application has been created but the applicant hasn't completed sign-up yet

IN_REVIEW

Application has been submitted and is under review by Ramp

FOLLOW_UPS_REQUIRED

Ramp needs additional information from the applicant

APPROVED

Application has been approved — the business can start using Ramp

REJECTED

Application has been rejected

WITHDRAWN

Application has been withdrawn by the applicant

Use GET /applications to check the current status. This endpoint requires the applications:read scope, which means you'll need an access token obtained through the Authorization Code flow.

Subscribe to the applications.status_updated webhook event to get notified when an application's status changes.

The webhook payload includes the application ID and its new status:

When you receive this event, call GET /applications to fetch the full application details and current status.

See the Webhooks Guide for setup instructions.

Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

---

title: Authorization
source_url: /developer-api/v1/authorization
text_url: /llms-guides/authorization.txt
summary: Ramp uses OAuth 2.0 for secure API access, providing granular permission control through scopes and supporting multiple authorization flows for different use cases.

content:
Ramp uses OAuth 2.0 for secure API access, providing granular permission control through scopes and supporting multiple authorization flows for different use cases.

This guide covers the authorization framework in depth. For a quick start making your first API calls, see the Setup Guide.

OAuth 2.0 Framework

Ramp implements the OAuth 2.0 authorization framework with the following components:

Resource Server: Ramp's API endpoints that serve protected resources

Authorization Server: Ramp's OAuth service that issues access tokens

Client: Your application requesting access to Ramp resources

Resource Owner: The Ramp business granting access to their data

Client Credentials

Internal integrations, server-to-server

None required

Authorization Code

Third-party apps, public integrations

Admin consent required

Permission Model & Scopes

Ramp's permission model uses OAuth 2.0 scopes to control access to different resources and operations. Each scope follows the pattern resource:permission where:

resource: The API resource (e.g., transactions, bills, users)

permission: The allowed operation (read or write)

accounting:read

Accounting data

Access accounting sync status and metadata

applications:read

Applications

View financing application status

applications:write

Submit and manage financing applications

accounting:write

Update accounting sync settings and connections

bank_accounts:read

Bank accounts

View connected bank account information

bills:read

Bills

Access bill data and payment history

bills:write

Create, update, and pay bills

business:read

Business profile

Access business information and settings

cards:read

Cards

View card information and spending limits

cards:read_vault

Card vault

Access sensitive card data (PAN, CVV)

cards:write

Create, update, and manage cards

cashbacks:read

Cashback rewards

View cashback earnings and history

custom_records:read

Custom records

Access custom data fields and records

custom_records:write

Create and update custom data fields

departments:read

Departments

View department structure and assignments

departments:write

Create and manage departments

entities:read

Legal entities

Access entity information and hierarchies

item_receipts:read

Item receipts

View itemized receipt data

leads:read

Sales leads

Access lead and referral information

leads:write

Create and update lead information

limits:read

Spending limits

View spending limits and policies

limits:write

Create and modify spending limits

locations:read

Locations

View location data and assignments

locations:write

Create and manage location data

memos:read

Memos

Access transaction memos and notes

memos:write

Add and update transaction memos

merchants:read

Merchants

View merchant information and policies

purchase_orders:read

Purchase orders

Access purchase order data and status

receipt_integrations:read

Receipt integrations

View receipt integration settings

receipt_integrations:write

Configure receipt integration settings

receipts:read

Receipts

Access receipt images and data

receipts:write

Upload and manage receipt data

reimbursements:read

Reimbursements

View reimbursement requests and status

spend_programs:read

Spend programs

Access spend program configuration

spend_programs:write

Create and manage spend programs

statements:read

Statements

Download monthly statements

transactions:read

Transactions

Access transaction data and history

transfers:read

Transfers

View transfer history and status

users:read

Users

Access user profiles and roles

users:write

Create and manage user accounts

vendors:read

Vendors

View vendor information and payment details

vendors:write

Create and update vendor information

When requesting scopes for your application:

Principle of Least Privilege: Only request scopes your application actually needs

Read vs Write: Start with read-only access and add write permissions as needed

Sensitive Data: Scopes like cards:read_vault require additional security review

Related Resources: Some operations may require multiple scopes (e.g., creating cards may need both cards:write and users:read)

Token Management

Access tokens issued by Ramp have the following characteristics:

Format: Opaque tokens (not JWT)

Lifetime: 10 days (864,000 seconds) for Client Credentials

Scope Binding: Tokens are bound to specific scopes and cannot be used beyond granted permissions

Environment Isolation: Tokens work only in the environment where they were issued

Token Security

Access tokens provide complete access to granted scopes. Treat them as credentials:

Never log tokens or include them in error messages

Store tokens encrypted at rest

Use HTTPS for all API communications

Implement token rotation for long-running applications

Monitor for unusual API usage patterns

Authorization Flow Deep Dive

Best for server-to-server integrations where no user interaction is required.

When to Use:

Internal company integrations

Backend services accessing Ramp data

Automated workflows and data sync

Security Considerations:

Client secret must be kept secure and never exposed in client-side code

Suitable for confidential clients (servers, not mobile apps or SPAs)

No user context - operates with the permissions of the app creator

Required for third-party applications and public integrations. Use this flow if you're building a public integration or need users to explicitly grant access to their Ramp accounts. This flow is required for third-party applications acting on behalf of other businesses (e.g. apps listed on ramp.com/integrations).

Third-party integrations

Multi-tenant applications

Apps requiring user-specific permissions

Requires HTTPS redirect URIs

State parameter must be cryptographically random and verified

Authorization codes have short lifetimes (10 minutes)

Only Admin and Business Owner users can grant authorization

Step 1: User is redirected to Ramp authorization URL

There are five required parameters in this request:

response_type
Required
 — Must be set to code.

scope
Required
 — Space-separated list of scopes (e.g., transactions:read business:read).

client_id
Required
 — Your app's client ID from the Ramp Developer Console.

redirect_uri
Required
 — Must match exactly one of the URIs configured in your app.

state
Required
 — Protects against CSRF; should be unique and verifiable by your app.

Example URL:

Your application must direct the user to Ramp's OAuth authorization endpoint. This initiates the flow by asking the user to log in and approve your app.

Step 2: User authenticates and approves access

Only users with Admin or Business Owner roles can authorize third-party applications. If a user with insufficient permissions attempts to authorize your app, they will receive a "Business not authorized to use this application" error.

The user logs in to Ramp and is shown a screen prompting them to approve your app's requested access.

Upon approval, Ramp redirects to your redirect_uri with a temporary code and the original state:

Extract the code from the URL to proceed to token exchange.

Step 3: Exchange the code for an access token

Step 4: Refresh the access token

Tokens expire. Use the refresh token to obtain a new access token:

Error Handling

invalid_client

Client authentication failed

Verify client ID and secret are correct

invalid_grant

Authorization code expired or invalid

Restart authorization flow with new code

invalid_scope

Requested scope not configured for app

Update app configuration or request different scopes

unauthorized_client

Grant type not enabled for this client

Enable required grant type in app settings

access_denied

User denied authorization request

User must approve access or contact admin

When using access tokens with API endpoints:

401 Unauthorized: Token is missing, expired, or invalid

403 Forbidden: Token is valid but lacks required scope for the resource

429 Too Many Requests: Rate limit exceeded (see Rate Limiting)

FAQ

Need help?

Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

Review the API endpoints your app will use. Each endpoint's documentation lists required scopes. Start with read-only scopes and add write permissions as needed.

No, each environment requires separate app configurations. Create one app in sandbox for testing and another in production for live usage.

For security reasons, only users with Admin or Business Owner roles can grant OAuth2 permissions to third-party applications. This ensures proper oversight of data access.

Access tokens last 10 days. Implement refresh logic before expiration rather than waiting for 401 errors. For long-running applications, refresh tokens daily or when starting new sessions.

The authorization server will return an invalid_scope error. Configure all required scopes in your app settings before requesting them in authorization flows.

No, scopes are bound to tokens at issuance time. To change scopes, you must obtain a new access token with the updated scope configuration.

Only users with Admin or Business Owner roles can authorize third-party applications

Ask your customer to have an Admin or Business Owner complete the authorization flow

Regular users cannot grant OAuth2 permissions for security reasons

The customer should verify their role in Settings > Team

Admin and Business Owner roles are clearly labeled in the Ramp UI

If uncertain, they should contact their Ramp administrator

---

title: Bill Pay
source_url: /developer-api/v1/bill-pay
text_url: /llms-guides/bill-pay.txt
summary: A bill is the structured accounts payable record in Ramp—the object that powers approvals, coding, and payment.

content:
A bill is the structured accounts payable record in Ramp—the object that powers approvals, coding, and payment.

For product details, see the Ramp Help Center.

ERP integration: Sync bills and payments between Ramp and your accounting system

Bill processing automation: Programmatically create bills that are automatically approved for payment

Financial reporting: Extract bill and payment data for custom reporting and analytics

How Bills Work

Payments are nested within bills and do not have their own dedicated endpoints. When you create a bill via API, you include payment details in the same request. Payment info is returned as part of the bill object on GET /bills.

Payments can be created alongside bills, but have limited support for updates once created.

Bills move through the following statuses:

Draft → Invoice uploaded, OCR extracts details

Pending approval → Awaiting approver sign-off

Approved → Ready for payment. Bills follow your customer's configured approval policy in Ramp.

Paid → Payment processed

Bills created via API are automatically approved and enter the workflow at the Approved status.

Draft bill endpoints

We have draft bill endpoints available to create and update draft bills through the API. Draft bills must be approved through the Ramp dashboard—approval via API is not supported. Submit a Developer API support ticket for early access.

Create Bill Request Builder

Use the POST /bills endpoint to create a bill. This covers the entire bill object, including the bill payment.

The request requires several UUIDs. Fetch these from the endpoints below and use the response field value as the value for the request field.

GET /entities

id

entity_id

bank_accounts[].id where usage_type = BILL_PAY_BANK_ACCOUNT

source_bank_account_id

GET /vendors

vendor_id

GET /vendors/{id}/contacts

vendor_contact_id

GET /vendors/{id}/accounts

id (for ACH/wire/SWIFT only)

vendor_account_id

Missing BILL_PAY_BANK_ACCOUNT?

If you don't see a bank account with usage_type = BILL_PAY_BANK_ACCOUNT in your GET /entities response, Bill Pay hasn't been set up for your organization yet. Follow the steps in the Bill Pay set up guide to configure it, then retry your API call.

Upload invoice PDFs or supporting documents using POST /bills/{bill_id}/attachments. This endpoint accepts multipart/form-data.

Payment Methods

Paying by Ramp Card earns cashback on bill payments. Two options:

Existing Ramp Card – Use already-created cards for bill payments. Manually share card details with vendors, then use transaction matching to link the payment to the bill once it clears.

Single-Use Virtual Card – Ramp generates a unique virtual card for each bill with the limit set to the bill amount. Two delivery options:

Card delivery disabled – Card details become available once the bill is approved; manually share with vendors

Card delivery enabled – Ramp automatically emails card details to the vendor's primary contact on the due date, with reminders at 2, 4, and 7 days

Single-use cards auto-lock when the spending limit is reached, after 14 days (delivery enabled) or 21 days (delivery disabled). Transaction matching happens automatically once payments clear. Supports international bills in local currency.

For programmatic access to full card details (PAN/CVV) or custom spending controls, see the Virtual Cards guide.

To filter out one-time card transactions in the Transactions API, set has_no_sync_commit=true.

These payment methods require a source_bank_account_id from GET /entities.

ACH

Verified vendor bank account

2–3 business days

Check

Vendor address

5–7 business days

Wire

Same-day (domestic)

SWIFT

Varies (international)

Payments arrive by payment_arrival_date (cannot be a weekend or bank holiday)

Non-check payments require a verified vendor bank account via GET /vendors/{id}/accounts. See Create Bill Request Builder for full schema details.

Check payments require a vendor address on file

Expedited ACH and Wire payments are not available via API

Use webhooks to receive real-time notifications when bills are created, approved, rejected, or paid. See our Webhooks Guide for setup instructions.

Bills sync automatically with direct accounting connections (QuickBooks, NetSuite, etc.). For custom integrations, see the Accounting guide.

Query with sync_ready=true to find bills ready for export.

UCSV restriction

Bills cannot be synced via API with Universal CSV. Use the dashboard export instead.

To verify a bill matches its purchase order and item receipt:

Get the bill → extract purchase_order_ids, line_items[].purchase_order_line_item_id, and inventory_line_items[].purchase_order_line_item_id

Get the purchase order → extract item_receipt_ids

Get the item receipt → confirm line_items[].purchase_order_line_item_id matches the bill

When all three documents share the same line item IDs, you have a verified match.

Current API Limitations

You cannot trigger or manage bill approvals through the API

You cannot mark a draft bill as approved or configure approval process logic via API

Bills created via API are automatically approved

Payments are nested within bills and do not have their own dedicated endpoints

Payments can be created alongside bills, but have limited support for updates once created

Batch payments (creating a single payment for multiple bills) are not supported

OCR upload for draft bills is not currently supported via API

Images of invoices cannot be attached through the API

Managing entity bank accounts is not supported via API (vendor bank accounts can be managed through vendor accounts endpoints)

Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

---

title: Build with Ramp
source_url: /developer-api/v1/build-with-ramp
text_url: /llms-guides/build-with-ramp.txt
summary: Ramp enables technology partners to build integrations that reach 50,000+ businesses. This guide walks you through building, testing, and publicly listing on the Ramp Integrations page.

content:
Ramp enables technology partners to build integrations that reach 50,000+ businesses. This guide walks you through building, testing, and publicly listing on the Ramp Integrations page.

Monetize your integration — You keep 100% of your revenue. Set your own pricing, charge customers directly, and grow your business without revenue sharing or platform fees.

Public marketplace listing — Your integration gets featured on the Ramp Integrations page, giving you visibility and credibility with prospective customers.

This guide applies to all integration categories. Additional guidance for Accounting/ERP integrations is linked where relevant.

Building an integration with Ramp means entering a partnership focused on delivering a high-quality experience to our shared customers. Each side plays a clear role in making that happen.

Your side:

Pricing and monetization — You set your pricing, bill customers directly, and keep 100% of revenue. Ramp does not process payments or participate in billing.

Building and hosting your integration — You develop and maintain your integration using Ramp's APIs.

Customer support — You assist customers through your own support channels and provide a public support email.

Documentation — You host setup guides, workflow instructions, and troubleshooting on your site.

Marketing assets — You supply the logo, descriptions, screenshots, and videos for your listing.

Ramp's side:

API troubleshooting & advisory — Our team helps you debug API issues and offers guidance on best practices and specific use cases.

Product review and guidance — We review your integration flows and provide feedback. Approval is required before production access.

Distribution — Your integration reaches 50,000+ businesses once approved.

This partnership model gives you full ownership of your product while Ramp provides oversight, guidance, and reach.

Each integration must go through the following three stages; below is a checklist to help you work your way through each stage.

Phase 1: Build

Phase 2: Apply for Production Access

Phase 3: Beta Testing

Phase 4: Apply for a Public Listing

Appendix

You control your pricing. Ramp does not charge fees or take a revenue share. Many integrations are free, while others charge for their services—the choice is yours.

Best practices for pricing:

Price relative to the value your integration delivers to customers.

Keep pricing predictable and easy to understand.

Factor in implementation cost, ongoing maintenance, and support burden.

Common pricing models include:

Flat annual subscription.

Implementation fee plus annual renewal.

Usage-based pricing (for example, per transaction or per bill).

Tiered feature bundles based on functionality.

High-quality documentation improves customer activation and reduces support load. It is also heavily used by Ramp's sales, customer success, and support teams when discussing your integration.

Your documentation should:

Be publicly accessible and hosted on your website.

Include prerequisites for both Ramp and your platform.

Provide step-by-step setup instructions.

Detail key user workflows and common use cases.

Offer troubleshooting tips and a frequently asked questions section.

Examples of strong integration documentation:

Dualentry

Ramp for FE

Acumatica

Ramp's systems may surface your documentation links when customers and internal teams ask about your integration, so strong docs are one of your most effective marketing and support assets.

Partners must fully complete security disclosures and provide:

Security certifications and/or attestations such as SOC 2 Type II, ISO 27001, PCI, or a recent third-party penetration test.

Full certification and/or pen test reports (not just summary letters).

A public URL to your security policy.

A dedicated and monitored security contact email address.

Written descriptions covering:
What data your integration processes and how it is secured.
Where and how data is stored.
Your data retention policy.
Whether and how employees at your company can access customer data.

What data your integration processes and how it is secured.

Where and how data is stored.

Your data retention policy.

Whether and how employees at your company can access customer data.

Early-stage companies may use a recent third-party pen test in place of full SOC 2 or ISO 27001 certifications, subject to Ramp's review.

You own first-line support for your integration. Ramp will route customer questions about your integration to you.

Provide a public support email address; this will be visible to customers and used by them to troubleshoot issues.

Maintain clear customer-facing documentation for setup, key workflows, and troubleshooting.

Provide an internal support guide for Ramp teams that explains how to triage issues, what information to collect, and how to escalate to your team.

Example listing

If you have questions while building or preparing your submission, submit a Developer API support ticket.

---

title: Cards and Funds
source_url: /developer-api/v1/cards-and-funds
text_url: /llms-guides/cards-and-funds.txt
summary: Ramp's Developer API gives you programmatic control over funds, cards, and spending policies to help your teams spend responsibly and track budgets in real time. Whether you're managing departmental budgets, team events, or office expenses, these APIs provide the building blocks for automated spend management.

content:
Ramp's Developer API gives you programmatic control over funds, cards, and spending policies to help your teams spend responsibly and track budgets in real time. Whether you're managing departmental budgets, team events, or office expenses, these APIs provide the building blocks for automated spend management.

What you'll learn:

How to create funds with built-in controls using the Limits API

How to scale spending policies with reusable templates using the Spend Programs API

When to use virtual vs physical cards for different scenarios

How Ramp Funds, Cards, and Spend Programs Work Together

Here's how these three concepts work together for effective spend management:

Funds act as predefined budgets you assign to employees, teams, or initiatives:

They can include merchant and category restrictions, as well as expiration controls

They can be shared across multiple users or assigned individually

Examples: "Marketing Q2 Budget", "Engineering Team Offsite", "Office Supplies - Austin"

Cards are the payment methods users spend funds with:

Virtual cards are used for online transactions and subscriptions

Physical cards are shipped to users for in-person spending

Each card draws from its connected fund's available balance

Multiple cards can share the same fund, or one card can access multiple funds

Card Data Access: Standard API responses return masked card numbers for security. Full 16-digit card numbers and CVVs require additional security review and PCI API access. Submit a Developer API support ticket if your platform needs to process payments directly using full card data.

Spend Programs group funds, users, and cards under shared policies. Think of them as "blueprints" that make fund creation faster and more consistent

They can enforce consistent spending rules across multiple funds

They can enable automated fund provisioning based on employee attributes

Examples: "Team Budgets", "Team Offsites", "Professional Services Procurement"

Limits

Create and manage funds. Funds are automatically linked to virtual cards.

limits:read, limits:write

Create reusable spending policy templates for consistent fund creation.

spend_programs:read, spend_programs:write

Issue and manage physical cards.

cards:read, cards:write

Transactions

View spending activity across cards and funds.

transactions:read

Complete Walkthrough: Managing a Team Offsite

We'll walk you through managing a quarterly team offsite to show how spend programs, funds, and cards work together. This scenario covers the complete lifecycle from setup to monitoring.

First, create a reusable template for team offsites that can be used across multiple departments:

This creates a template that allows spending on meals (category 19), lodging (category 6), and airlines (category 4).

Now create a fund for a Q1 Engineering Team Offsite using the template:

Before running these commands: Replace the placeholder values ($SPEND_PROGRAM_ID, $USER_ID, etc.) with actual IDs from your Ramp account. The placeholders are formatted for bash compatibility - you can set them as environment variables or replace them directly in the commands.

When creating a fund from a spend program, you only need to provide:

display_name - Name for this specific fund

spend_program_id - ID of the spend program template to use

user_id - The initial user who will have access to the fund

idempotency_key - Ensures the request isn't duplicated

The fund automatically inherits all spending restrictions and policies from the spend program template.

If you need to add more team members to the offsite after initial creation, you can add users to the existing fund:

This adds the specified users to the fund, giving them access to spend from the shared offsite budget.

During the offsite, monitor spending across both your funds and cards:

After the offsite, review spending and close out the budget:

Best Practices

Create spend programs for recurring spending patterns (travel, SaaS, office supplies)

Use descriptive names and appropriate icons for easy identification

Set up automatic provisioning rules for standardized employee benefits

Enable requestable programs for ad-hoc spending needs

Use descriptive display names that indicate purpose

Set appropriate spending categories to prevent misuse

Enable reimbursements for general expense funds

Disable reimbursements for subscription-specific funds

Create separate funds for each subscription or vendor

Use category restrictions to ensure appropriate spending

Set reasonable spending limits based on expected usage

Issue physical cards for employees who need in-person spending capability

Physical cards can draw from multiple funds through auto-matching

Consider shipping time when planning physical card rollouts

Regularly review fund balances and spending

Suspend funds immediately when no longer needed

Use spending categories to limit where funds can be used

Data Relationships

Spend Programs → Templates for creating multiple similar funds

Limits (Funds) → Spending allocations that can have multiple users

Cards → Payment methods that can spend from funds

Transactions → Spending events that occur on cards against funds

FAQ: Cards and Funds

Need help?

Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

Create separate spend programs for different scenarios with distinct spending policies:

Team Offsites - meals, entertainment, team activities

Travel Expenses - flights, hotels, transportation

Conference Attendance - registration, meals, networking events

This allows you to set appropriate category restrictions and spending limits for each scenario.

Yes! Team members can:

Use virtual card numbers from the shared fund for online purchases

Use their existing physical cards, which will auto-match to the fund if categories align

Get new physical cards issued specifically for the event (as shown in Step 3)

The fund acts as the spending pool that multiple payment methods can draw from.

Transactions outside allowed categories (meals, entertainment, office supplies in our example) will be declined. You can:

Update the spend program or fund to allow additional categories

Have team members request reimbursements for valid expenses that don't fit categories

Issue separate cards with broader restrictions for specific team members

Use the monitoring approach from Step 4:

Check fund balances with GET /developer/v1/limits/$LIMIT_ID

Filter transactions by fund with GET /developer/v1/transactions?spend_limit_id=$LIMIT_ID

Set up webhooks for real-time transaction notifications

Use date ranges to track spending during specific event periods

For team offsites, use one shared fund (is_shareable: true) because:

Easier budget management and monitoring

Team members can coordinate spending without individual limits

Simplified reporting and reconciliation

Virtual card numbers can be shared for online group purchases

Use separate funds when individuals need distinct budgets or spending restrictions.

Yes - You can create funds (limits) without any associated cards. These funds can be used for reimbursements only.

Yes - Physical cards can be created with their own spending restrictions independent of any limit. However, virtual cards are always created as part of a limit.

No - Physical cards can have independent spending restrictions OR draw from limits. Virtual cards are always associated with limits.

No - Limits can exist for reimbursement-only scenarios without any card numbers.

Suspending a Limit:

Does NOT automatically suspend associated cards

Prevents new spending from the limit

Cards linked to the limit will be declined when trying to spend from that limit

Cards can still spend from other non-suspended limits (if linked to multiple)

Suspending a Card:

Prevents ALL spending on that specific card

Does NOT affect the associated limits

Other cards linked to the same limits can continue spending

Terminating a Limit:

Permanently disables spending from that limit

Does NOT automatically terminate associated cards

Cards remain active but cannot spend from the terminated limit

Terminating a Card:

Permanently disables the specific card

Does NOT affect associated limits

Other cards can continue spending from the same limits

Use spend programs when:

You run similar events regularly (quarterly offsites, monthly team dinners)

You want consistent spending policies across departments

You need templates for employee self-service requests

Create funds directly when:

This is a one-off event with unique requirements

You need custom spending restrictions not covered by existing programs

You're testing new spending policies before creating a template

Getting Started - API authentication and setup

Virtual Cards - For access to full card data including 16 digit card numbers and CVVs

Webhooks - Get notified of spending events

Limits API - Complete API reference

Spend Programs API - Complete API reference

---

title: Changelog
source_url: /developer-api/v1/changelog
text_url: /llms-guides/changelog.txt
summary: Stay up to date with our latest API updates via RSS feed (reader required).

content:
Stay up to date with our latest API updates via RSS feed (reader required).

March 30, 2026

March 25, 2026

March 19, 2026

March 18, 2026

March 17, 2026

March 16, 2026

March 12, 2026

February 27, 2026

February 13, 2026

February 12, 2026

February 11, 2026

February 10, 2026

February 5, 2026

February 3, 2026

January 30, 2026

January 28, 2026

January 22, 2026

January 16, 2026

January 14, 2026

January 6, 2026

January 5, 2026

December 23, 2025

December 11, 2025

December 4, 2025

November 28, 2025

November 26, 2025

November 24, 2025

November 20, 2025

November 18, 2025

November 12, 2025

November 10, 2025

November 7, 2025

November 4, 2025

October 31, 2025

October 30, 2025

September 25, 2025

August 8, 2025

June 25, 2025

May 16, 2025

April 29, 2025

March 25, 2025

February 25, 2025

January 17, 2025

May 2024

New List Bank Accounts endpoint — Retrieve a paginated list of bank accounts associated with your business. Supports start and page_size query parameters for pagination. View endpoint

New List Vendor Agreements endpoint (beta) — Query vendor agreements with extensive filtering options including date ranges, renewal status, contract owners, departments, total value, and custom record filters via POST /developer/v1/vendors/agreements. View endpoint

Enhanced vendor filtering by timestamps — Added to_created_at, from_updated_at, and to_updated_at query parameters to the List Vendors endpoint for filtering vendors by creation and update dates. View endpoint

Vendor subsidiary data — Added include_subsidiary query parameter to the List Vendors endpoint. When set to true, vendor responses include a subsidiary field with ERP subsidiary identifiers. View endpoint

Allowed overage percent override on limits — The allowed_overage_percent_override field is now available when creating limits and is returned in limit responses. This decimal value (0–100) lets you set a fund-level override for the allowed overage percent, independent of the spend program or business default. View endpoint

Update custom accounting field options — New PUT /developer/v1/accounting/field-options/{field_option_id} endpoint to update existing custom accounting field options. View endpoint

New audit log event types — Added Generated renewal brief for contract, Spend allocation change request approval policy updated, and Vendor Network updates enabled event types to the audit logs endpoint.

Updated token prefix format — Access tokens are now prefixed with ramp_business_tok_, ramp_user_tok_, ramp_business_jwt_, or ramp_user_jwt_ instead of the previous ramp_tok_ prefix. Refresh tokens use ramp_business_tok_ or ramp_user_tok_.

Custom records reference columns relaxed — The corresponding_column_name field on reference column configurations is no longer required and defaults to null. It will be auto-generated if not provided, simplifying forward-only reference column setup.

Auto-match uploaded receipts without a transaction ID — The POST /receipts endpoint can now automatically match uploaded receipts to transactions without requiring a transaction_id. View endpoint

New financing applications endpoints (beta) — Create and fetch financing applications programmatically. Submit applicant details, business information, controlling officers, beneficial owners, and financial details. View GET endpoint | View POST endpoint | View guide

New ready-to-sync endpoint (beta) — Mark accounting objects as ready to sync by providing a list of object_ids and an object_type (currently supports TRANSACTION). View endpoint

New applications.status_updated webhook event — Subscribe to applications.status_updated to receive notifications when a financing application's status changes. View endpoint

New bill payment status ON_HOLD — Added ON_HOLD enum value to the bill payment_status filter and response, representing bills that have been placed on hold. View endpoint

New cancelled trip status — The status filter on the List Trips endpoint now supports the cancelled enum value, and trip responses can include cancelled as a status. View endpoint

New audit log event type — Added Vendor linked to vendor network to the list of supported audit log event types. View endpoint

New GL account classification types — Added AR_CHARGEBACK_CLEARING_ACCOUNT and AR_REFUNDS_CLEARING_ACCOUNT classification enum values for accounting GL accounts.

New bill filtering by payment ID — Added customer_friendly_payment_id query parameter to filter bills by their customer-friendly payment identifier, making it easy to find all bills belonging to the same payment or batch payment. The response also now includes customer_friendly_payment_id on bill payment objects. View endpoint

New bill filtering by draft bill ID — Added draft_bill_id query parameter to the List Bills endpoint to filter by the originating draft bill. The bill response now also includes draft_bill_id to indicate which draft bill a bill was created from. View endpoint

New bill and draft bill filtering by remote ID — Added remote_id query parameter to both the List Bills and List Draft Bills endpoints, allowing you to look up bills and drafts by their external system identifier. View endpoint | View draft bills endpoint

Reactivate deleted inventory item options — Added reactivate field to the PATCH /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item/options/{option_id} request body, bringing parity with custom field options by letting you restore soft-deleted inventory item options. View endpoint

Vendor owner is now optional — The vendor_owner_id field is no longer required when creating a vendor via POST /developer/v1/vendors. Omitting it creates the vendor without an owner. View endpoint

Decimal quantity support for bill line items — The unit_quantity field has been replaced with quantity, which now accepts decimal values (e.g., 2.25) instead of only integers. unit_quantity is still accepted for backwards compatibility. The unit_price field also now accepts decimal string or number formats. This applies when creating or updating line items on bills and draft bills. View endpoint

New GL account classification types — Added six new enum values for GL account classifications: AR_ACCOUNTS_RECEIVABLE_ACCOUNT, AR_BAD_DEBT_ACCOUNT, AR_CARD_FEES_ACCOUNT, AR_CASH_ACCOUNT_DEFAULT, AR_INCOME_ACCOUNT_DEFAULT, and AR_UNDEPOSITED_FUNDS_ACCOUNT, enabling accounts receivable accounting integrations.

Vendor memo support for bills — Added vendor_memo field to create and update bill endpoints, as well as draft bill endpoints, allowing you to set a memo to the vendor (up to 400 characters) on a bill. View endpoint | View endpoint | View endpoint | View endpoint

Refresh token expiration info — The token endpoint response now includes a refresh_token_expires_in field indicating how long the refresh token is valid (in seconds), making it easier to manage token lifecycle for clients configured with a refresh token TTL. View endpoint

New embedded cards endpoint (beta) — Generate an embed init token for a card to enable embedded card experiences in your application. Requires the embedded_cards:write scope and the card must be activated and active. View endpoint

New audit log event type — Added RFX graded to the list of supported audit log event types, allowing you to track when an RFX has been graded. View endpoint

Global library field ID on custom record columns — Custom record column responses now include a global_library_field_id field, letting you identify columns that are linked to global library fields.

Visibility filter for accounting field options — Filter custom accounting field options by visibility (HIDDEN or VISIBLE) using the new visibility query parameter. View endpoint

Bill filtering by ERP sync status — Filter bills by whether they are configured to sync to your ERP using the new is_accounting_sync_enabled query parameter. View endpoint

Payment accounts on entities — The entity response now includes a payment_accounts array containing bank accounts eligible for bill payment, with details like account_name, account_number_last_four, currency, and id. View endpoint

Custom record fields on vendors — Vendor responses now include a custom_record_fields array with column metadata, display values, and reference row details for custom record data associated with each vendor. View endpoint

Policy agent exemption for spend limits — Spend limit responses now include is_exempt_from_policy_agent, and you can update it via PATCH along with existing_expense_policy_agent_exemption_application_rules to control whether the exemption applies retroactively (APPLY_TO_ALL) or only to future transactions (APPLY_TO_NONE). View endpoint

Accounting vendor creation flag on transactions — Transaction responses now include requires_accounting_vendor_creation_to_sync, indicating whether your integration must create an accounting vendor before syncing the transaction. View endpoint

New webhook event types for unified requests — Added unified_requests.created, unified_requests.modified, unified_requests.node_advanced, unified_requests.override_approved, and unified_requests.updated to the list of subscribable webhook events. View endpoint

New transaction decline reasons — Added AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_MEMBER_SUSPENDED and AUTHORIZER_UNAUTHORIZED_USER enum values for more granular transaction decline details.

New custom records reference table types — Added contracts and purchase_order_line_items as valid native reference table types for custom record columns.

New custom record text display type — Added numeric_id to the available display types for custom record text columns.

New audit log event types — Added ABK agent blocked on user, ABK agent review requested, ABK agent started, Document labeled, Edited contract tracking setting, and Reimbursement bank account updated for more comprehensive audit trail coverage. View endpoint

New spend program mapped field type — Added REQUEST_REASON as a mapped field option for spend program configurations.

New vendor document types — Added INVOICE and VENDOR_CREDIT to the list of supported vendor document types.

Filter bills by payment ID — Added payment_id query parameter to the List Bills endpoint, letting you retrieve all bills belonging to the same batch payment. View endpoint

Payment ID on bill responses — Bill payment details now include an id field representing the unique payment identifier. Bills sharing the same payment ID belong to the same batch payment.

Draft bill attachment uploads — Upload file attachments to existing draft bills via POST /developer/v1/bills/drafts/{draft_bill_id}/attachments, using multipart/form-data. View endpoint

Bank account ID on transfers — Transfer responses now include a bank_account_id field containing the UUID of the bank account used for the transfer payment (or null for wire transfers). Use GET /developer/v1/bank-accounts/{bank_account_id} to look up account details. View endpoint

Vendor creation on sync setting for accounting connections — Added transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled to accounting connection settings. When enabled, card transactions missing a mapped accounting vendor will require vendor creation before sync. Available on create and update endpoints. View endpoint

New INVOICE sync resource type — Added INVOICE as a supported enum value for accounting sync resource types, expanding the types of records you can sync through accounting connections.

New webhook event types — Added bills.archived and reimbursements.batch_payment_reimbursed to the list of supported webhook event types, so you can subscribe to notifications when bills are archived or batch reimbursement payments are processed. View endpoint

Scheduled deactivation date for new users — Added scheduled_deactivation_date field to the create user request. For guest users, this automatically defaults to 6 months from the invite creation date unless explicitly set to null. View endpoint

Date column type for custom records — Custom record tables now support a datetime column type with date display, allowing you to store and display date values in custom and matrix tables.

Attachments on custom form fields — Custom form field responses now include an attachments array containing document metadata with download URLs, filenames, and version information.

New transaction decline reason — Added AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_ARCHIVED_FUNDS enum value to transaction decline reasons, indicating a transaction was declined because the associated funds are archived.

New OAuth scope — Added comments:write scope for granting write access to comments.

New status_summary field on bills — Bill responses now include a status_summary field that provides a more granular view of a bill's lifecycle stage, with values like PAYMENT_SCHEDULED, APPROVAL_PENDING, PAYMENT_PROCESSING, PAYMENT_COMPLETED, and more. This gives you richer insight into exactly where a bill stands beyond the existing OPEN/PAID status. View endpoint

Enhanced bill filtering by status_summary — The status_summary query parameter on the List Bills endpoint now uses a refined set of enum values (removing draft-related statuses like DRAFT_MISSING_INFO, DRAFT_PARSING, DRAFT_QUEUED, and DRAFT_READY) to filter bills by their detailed status. View endpoint

New NON_ERP accounting field type — Added NON_ERP as a new enum value for accounting field types, allowing you to distinguish fields that are not sourced from an ERP system. View endpoint

Clarified currency amount representations for bills and purchase orders — Documentation for amount fields on bills and purchase order line items now specifies that values are represented in the lowest denomination of the currency (e.g., cents for USD), making it easier to correctly interpret amount and unit_price fields.

Filter limits by card — Added card_id query parameter to the List Limits endpoint, letting you filter for limits linked to a specific card. View endpoint

Draft bill remote_id field — The draft bill response now includes a remote_id field, providing the external ID that identifies the bill on the client's side. View endpoint

Custom Records column display types — Number columns now support a display_type field with values currency, number, and percentage. Text columns now support a display_type field with values email, paragraph, phone, plain_text, and url, giving you more control over how column data is presented.

New endpoint to fetch accounting connection by ID (beta) — Retrieve details for a specific accounting connection using its connection_id. View endpoint

Renamed tax code options request field — The POST /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code/options endpoint now uses options instead of tax_codes as the request body field name for uploading tax code options. View endpoint

New item_receipts.created webhook event — Subscribe to item_receipts.created events to get notified when new item receipts are created. View endpoint

Transaction functional_currency_amount moved behind query parameter — The functional_currency_amount field is no longer returned by default on transactions. Specify it via a query parameter to include the entity's functional currency amount in the response. View endpoint

New tax code options management (beta) — Upload, list, update, and delete tax code options for accounting connections with filtering by remote_id, is_active, and code. View endpoints

Enhanced vendor filtering — Added merchant_id query parameter to the List Vendors endpoint for filtering by associated card merchants. View endpoint

Draft bill creation and updates — Create and update draft bills with support for accounting fields, line items, and vendor details. View endpoint

Bills now include item receipt associations — Added item_receipt_ids field to bill responses showing linked item receipts from matched purchase orders.

Accounting connection migration status — Added is_ready_to_migrate field to accounting connections indicating readiness for ERP migration workflows.

New inventory item accounting field endpoints (beta) — Create, read, update, and delete inventory item accounting fields for tracking inventory items in your ERP system. View field endpoint

Inventory item options management (beta) — Upload, list, update, and delete inventory item options with filtering by remote_id, is_active, code, and is_synced. View options endpoint

New tax code accounting field endpoints (beta) — Create, read, update, and delete tax code accounting fields for managing tax codes in your ERP system. View endpoint

Transaction sync button setting — Added transaction_sync_button_enabled setting to accounting connections for enabling manual transaction sync functionality in API-based integrations.

Extended accounting field requirements — Added VENDOR_CREDIT enum value to is_required_for arrays in accounting fields, allowing fields to be required for vendor credit objects.

New vendor awarded audit event — Added Vendor awarded event type to audit logs for tracking vendor award actions.

Enhanced transaction data — Added functional_currency_amount field to transaction responses, showing the transaction amount in your entity's functional currency when an ERP with functional currency is configured. View endpoint

Tax rate field renamed — The gl_account_id field in tax rate resources has been renamed to accounting_gl_account_id for better clarity across accounting tax rate endpoints. View endpoint

New tax rates endpoints (beta) — List, upload, update, and delete tax rates for accounting integrations with support for up to 500 tax rates per batch upload. View list endpoint and View upload endpoint

Enhanced bill creation — Added use_default_vendor_contact parameter to automatically use the vendor's default contact when creating bills, making vendor_contact_id optional. View endpoint

Ramp category code enums — Category fields now include explicit enum values and descriptions for all Ramp category codes (1-44) across transactions, vendors, cards, and spending restrictions for better validation and documentation.

New audit log event types — Added RFX (Request for X) and sourcing event types to audit logs including RFX creation, vendor management, clarification processes, and sourcing event status changes.

New purchase order line item management (beta) — Add, update, and delete line items on existing purchase orders. View add endpoint, View update endpoint, View delete endpoint

New card vault endpoint (beta) — Retrieve sensitive card details by card ID for vault API access holders. View endpoint

Default payment method support for bills — Added use_default_payment_method parameter to create bills using vendor's configured default payment method. View endpoint

Enhanced vendor data — Added code field to accounting vendors for ERP system vendor codes.

Item receipt line item tracking — Added id field to item receipt line items and item_receipt_line_item_ids arrays to bill line items and bill inventory line items for better purchase order tracking.

New audit log event types — Added AI custom field config executed, External ticket created zendesk, and User previewed event types.

New webhook events — Added purchase_orders.archived, reimbursements.sync_requested, and transactions.sync_requested webhook event types.

Additional managed portfolio accounts — Added new managed portfolio account types: MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_INTEREST_INCOME_ACCOUNT, MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_POSITION_ASSET_ACCOUNT, MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_REALIZED_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT, and MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_UNREALIZED_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT.

Enhanced item receipts filtering — Added query parameters for filtering item receipts by entity_id, purchase_order_id, and purchase_order_line_item_id, plus include_archived option to include archived receipts and standard pagination with start and page_size. View endpoint

New currency support — Added USDB currency code for USD Basecoin across all endpoints that support currency values.

New audit log event types — Added support for tracking blank canvas workflow pause status updates, contract combinations, SFTP authentication events, and vendor management expansion request changes in audit logs.

Enhanced user management — Added scheduled_deactivation_date field to user objects for scheduling automatic user deactivation on a specific date. View endpoint

New SFTP configurations resource type — Added SFTP Configurations as a supported resource type in audit logs for tracking SFTP-related configuration changes.

Enhanced bill filtering — Added status_summaries query parameter to filter bills by multiple status summaries like APPROVAL_PENDING, PAYMENT_COMPLETED, or DRAFT_READY. View endpoint

Tracking category metadata in custom records — Custom record accounting field options now include a tracking_category object with metadata like display name, active status, and accounting provider connection status alongside the existing tracking_category_uuid.

New accounting connection update endpoint (beta) — Update settings for API-based accounting connections, including vendor credits configuration. View endpoint

Enhanced reimbursement filtering — Added state query parameter to filter reimbursements by status including APPROVED, AWAITING_EXPORT, PENDING, REIMBURSED, and other states. View endpoint

New vendor credits endpoints (beta) — Retrieve vendor credits across all vendors or for specific vendors with filtering by accounting dates and usage status. View endpoint

Individual vendor credit retrieval (beta) — Fetch detailed information about a specific vendor credit including line items, applied bills, and remaining amounts. View endpoint

Vendor-specific credit listing (beta) — List vendor credits for a specific vendor with the same filtering options as the global endpoint. View endpoint

New audit log event types — Added Card delivered, Reimbursement submitted, Reimbursements disabled, and Reimbursements enabled event types for enhanced audit tracking.

Custom form comments support — All custom form field responses now include an optional comment field for additional context on responses.

Enhanced custom form entity support — Added vendors to the list of supported entity types for custom forms alongside existing entities like bills, users, and transactions.

New webhook event — Added spend_requests.comment_created event type for webhooks to notify when comments are created on spend requests.

Enhanced custom records relationships — Added relationship metadata to tracking category fields in custom record line items for improved data linking between tracking categories and custom field options.

Custom records tracking category requirement — Added tracking_category_uuid as a required field for native reference column types in custom records, enabling better integration with accounting field options.

Multiple purchase orders per bill — Bills can now be linked to multiple purchase orders using the purchase_order_ids array field in both create and update operations, replacing the previous single purchase_order_id field. View endpoint

ERP migration tool (beta) — Set up a new API-based accounting connection to seamlessly migrate from your current ERP to a new one. View guide

Enhanced bills filtering — Added invoice_number query parameter to filter bills by exact invoice number. View endpoint

Enhanced receipts filtering — Added reimbursement_id query parameter to filter receipts for a specific reimbursement. View endpoint

Enhanced users filtering — Added status query parameter to filter users by status (USER_ACTIVE, USER_INACTIVE, USER_SUSPENDED), replacing the deprecated include_deleted parameter. View endpoint

Enhanced accounting field filtering — Added is_active and code query parameters for filtering custom accounting fields and field options by active status and code. View endpoint

New vendor bank account archiving — Archive vendor bank accounts with automatic transfer of associated bills, drafts, and recurring templates to a replacement account. View endpoint

New currency support — Added CNH (Chinese Yuan Renminbi offshore) to supported currencies across bill and purchase order endpoints.

New DATE input type — Added DATE enum value for custom accounting field input types, supporting ISO format (YYYY-MM-DD) in free form text fields.

Enhanced audit log events — Added new vendor management agreement event types including document operations (deleted document, linked document, uploaded document) and purchase order operations (linked purchase order, unlinked purchase order).

Enhanced attachment types — Added EMAIL and VENDOR_CREDIT enum values for bill attachment types.

Provider name fields — Added provider_name field to custom accounting fields, field options, GL accounts, and vendors to identify the accounting connection source.

Reimbursement payment tracking — Added payment_batch_id field to reimbursements for tracking payment batch associations.

Enhanced vendor filtering — Added external_vendor_id query parameter to filter vendors by customer-defined external identifiers, independent of accounting system remote IDs. View endpoint

External vendor ID support — Added external_vendor_id field to vendor creation, updates, and responses for tracking customer-defined identifiers separate from accounting system remote IDs. View endpoint

Purchase order line item matching — Added purchase_order_line_item_id field to bill line items for tracking matched purchase order line items. View endpoint

Real-time payment support — Added RTP enum value for Real-Time Payment processing method.

Same-day bill payments — Added is_same_day parameter to enable same-day delivery for eligible ACH payments when creating bill payments. View endpoint

Spend program line item fields — Added line_item_accounting_fields to spend program responses, showing custom accounting fields enabled for line items in each program. View endpoint

New audit log event — Added Vendor management agreement notification type switched event type for vendor management tracking.

Form 1099 compliance type — Added FORM_1099 enum value to vendor compliance types for tax reporting requirements.

Enhanced date filtering — Improved transaction filtering parameters with explicit ISO8601 format specification for synced_after, from_date, and to_date parameters. View endpoint

Draft bill tracking — Added draft_bill_created_at field to bill responses for tracking when bills were originally created as drafts. View endpoint

Delete matrix table rows — Remove individual rows from custom matrix tables using the delete endpoint. View endpoint

Matrix table row IDs — Matrix table rows now include an id field for unique identification and row-level operations.

Number column support for custom tables — Create and use number columns in custom tables with the new number column type for numerical data storage.

Default entity for vendors — Added default_entity_id field to vendors for associating a default business entity with vendor records.

New procurement event type — Added Procurement agent run completed enum value for audit log events tracking procurement automation completion.

New limited edition card designs — Added holiday-themed card design options including limited_edition_gifts, limited_edition_gingerbread_man, limited_edition_grinch, limited_edition_hot_cocoa, limited_edition_reindeer, limited_edition_santa, and limited_edition_snowman enum values for card customization.

Bill accounting sync control — Added enable_accounting_sync boolean field to bill responses that indicates whether the bill should sync to the ERP system. View endpoint

Manual vendor payment method — Added MANUAL enum value to vendor payment method kind field for manually processed payments.

New accrual AP account type — Added ACCRUAL_AP_ACCOUNT enum value for accrual accounts payable account usage type.

Enhanced custom field values — Custom field values now support number type in addition to boolean and string types.

Enhanced bill creation — Added enable_accounting_sync field to control whether bills sync to your ERP system, with additional validation when using remote_id. View endpoint

Matrix table column management (beta) — Add result columns to existing matrix tables without modifying input columns via POST /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/columns. View endpoint

Matrix table column renaming (beta) — Change the API name of matrix table columns while preserving human-readable labels via PATCH /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/columns/{column_name}. View endpoint

Number column support for matrix tables (beta) — Matrix tables now support number input columns in addition to reference columns, enabling numeric thresholds and values in matrix configurations.

Enhanced vendor data — Vendor accounts now include accounting_connection_id field to identify which accounting connection the vendor is associated with. View endpoint

New audit log events — Added "Vendor management agreement status changed" and "Vendor management edited agreement field" event types for tracking vendor agreement modifications.

New audit log event type — Added Created fund from purchase order enum value to track fund creation events from purchase orders in audit logs.

Enhanced user filtering — Added COORDINATOR role to user role filtering options for better user management capabilities. View endpoint

New accounting sync type — Added REPAYMENT_SYNC enum value for repayment synchronization via the object sync endpoint. View endpoint

Update purchase order support (beta) — Update existing purchase orders with new accounting field selections, line items, and spend date ranges via PATCH /developer/v1/purchase-orders/{purchase_order_id}. View endpoint

Change custom table row external key (beta) — Update the external key identifier for existing custom table rows via PATCH /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/rows/{row_id}. View endpoint

Enhanced bill payment methods — Added LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER payment method for creating bill payments alongside existing options like CHECK, DOMESTIC_WIRE, and SWIFT.

Flexible accounting field selections — Accounting field selections now support free_form_text as an alternative to field_option_external_id, allowing custom text values when predefined options aren't available.

Improved quantity handling — Line item quantity fields now use number type instead of integer for more precise quantity tracking across bills, purchase orders, and item receipts.

Enhanced user validation — Added 50-character limits for first_name and last_name fields, and minimum length validation for vendor names to ensure data quality.

New trips endpoints (beta) — List all trips for your business with filtering by user IDs, status, date ranges, amount ranges, and trip names, or fetch individual trips by ID. Includes trip details like locations, spend events, total spend, and travel types. List trips | Get trip

Enhanced custom records matrix filtering — Added filters parameter to filter matrix table rows by input column values using the new column filter structure with column_name and one_of matching. View endpoint

Enhanced entity filtering — Added hide_inactive parameter to entity endpoints to filter out inactive entities. View endpoint

New workflow base type — Added Workflow (Base) enum value for custom record types to distinguish base workflow configurations from standard workflows.

Enhanced bill filtering by payment date — Added from_payment_date and to_payment_date parameters to the List Bills endpoint for filtering bills by their payment dates. View endpoint

New Matrix tables for Custom Records (beta) — Create and manage lookup tables where unique input combinations map to result values, with endpoints for table creation, row management, and cell operations. View endpoints

Enhanced spend program details — The Get Spend Program endpoint now includes custom_form_collection for form requirements and expanded response schema with detailed program information. View endpoint

New vendor default payment method — Added default_payment_method field to vendor responses, showing the configured payment policy and update source for each vendor.

Enhanced vendor filtering — Added accounting_vendor_remote_ids and vendor_tracking_category_option_ids query parameters to the List Vendors endpoint for filtering by accounting integration data. View endpoint

New audit log event types — Added Agent access request resolved, Agent access requested, and Set member limit on shared fund event types for tracking agent access workflows and shared fund member limits.

API Updates and Improvements

New audit logs endpoint (beta) — Retrieve audit log events with filtering by user IDs, date ranges, event actor types, and event types. Supports pagination and comprehensive event history tracking. View endpoint

Enhanced transaction filters — Added has_been_approved, all_requirements_met_and_approved, and has_statement parameters to filter transactions by approval status, requirements completion, and statement presence. The sync_ready parameter is now deprecated in favor of using sync_status with SYNC_READY.

Enhanced user endpoints — Added include_deleted parameter to include deleted users in list responses.

Enhanced reimbursements filtering — Added has_been_approved parameter to filter reimbursements by approval status.

Enhanced purchase orders filtering — Added spend_request_id parameter to filter purchase orders by associated spend request.

New accounting sync type — Added AMORTIZATION_ENTRY_SYNC enum value for amortization entry synchronization.

New payment method type — Added CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER enum value for cryptocurrency wallet transfers across bills, reimbursements, and transactions.

Enhanced spend limit creation — Added accounting_rules parameter to set accounting rules when creating or updating spend limits and vault cards.

Enhanced accounting connections — Updated description for creating accounting connections to clarify Universal CSV connection upgrade behavior, and added connection_type field showing connection type details.

Vault cards endpoint publicly available — Create virtual cards through the vault endpoint. View endpoint

Bill attachment upload support — Upload attachments to existing bills via POST /developer/v1/bills/{bill_id}/attachments. View endpoint

Allow negative line items for bill creation — Bills can now include negative line items for credits and adjustments.

Enhanced card schema in limits endpoint — Added cardholder_id, cardholder_name, created_at, and display_name fields to card data under the /limits endpoint.

User access roles filter for limits — Added user_access_roles query parameter to the List Limits endpoint for role-based filtering.

Minor unit conversion factor in currency response — Currency data now includes conversion factors for precise calculations.

New entity relationship documentation — Comprehensive guide for understanding data connections across all Ramp objects. View guide

Support for querying draft bills — Retrieve bills in draft status before they're finalized for payment processing.

Filter archived bills — GET /bills endpoint now includes archived bills in response data.

Filter transactions by spend program — Use spend_program_id parameter in GET /transactions to retrieve spend-program-specific transactions.

Receipt affidavit URLs — GET /transactions now includes receipt affidavit URLs directly in the response for compliance workflows.

Foreign exchange rates in bills — GET /bills now provides FX conversion rates for international payment processing.

Vendor payment details management — Add and update vendor bank account information via POST /vendors/{vendor_id}/update-bank-accounts. View endpoint

Filter purchase orders by spend request timeframe — Use spend_start_date and spend_end_date to retrieve POs tied to a specific spend window.

New endpoint: POST /reimbursement/mileage — Log and submit mileage reimbursements via API.

Search accounting vendors and GL accounts by remote_id — Simplifies mapping to ERP systems.

Match bills to purchase orders — Enables programmatic linkage between bills and POs.

Include is_manager in user invites — Supports setting manager status when inviting a user via API.

Filter purchase orders by user_id — Use GET /purchase-orders with user_id to retrieve POs submitted by a specific user.

accounting_date now returned in reimbursements — Available via GET /reimbursements for improved reconciliation workflows.

New endpoint: POST /reimbursements/submit-receipt — Attach receipts directly to reimbursements via API.

Auto-match uploaded receipts using OCR — POST /receipts can now automatically associate receipts with matching transactions.

Temporary limit increases — Use PATCH /limits/{limit_id} to implement temporary spending limit boosts.

Control declined transaction visibility — GET /transactions now defaults to excluding declines. Use state=DECLINED or state=ALL to include them.

Search by accounting field selections — Filter transactions and bills based on assigned accounting fields for better categorization.

Custom forms support — Retrieve and manage custom form metadata on Vendors, Purchase Orders, Transactions, and Limits using GET endpoints.

API Updates

New endpoint POST /connection/<uuid:connection_id>/reactivate

Support for specifying display_name on POST /accounting/fields

New field card_present to GET /transactions

Filter by employee_id for GET /transactions and GET /reimbursements

Support for updating accounting custom field display_name

New field accounting_date to GET /bills

Support for requesting payment and tax details via email on POST /vendors

Deprecated: GET /accounting/connection in favor of GET /accounting/all-connections

Filter by awaiting_approval_by_user_id in GET /transactions and GET /reimbursements

Support for creating vendors when approval policies are in place

Filter bills by payee_id and sync_status parameters

Support for managing vendor addresses via vendor APIs

Ability to specify employee_id on user creation

New fields status and last_linked_at to GET /accounting/connections

New field transaction_accounting_date to transactions APIs

Filter transactions by approval_status parameter

Filter accounting custom field options by remote_code parameter

Beta: Procurement API now available for Ramp Plus customers to manage Purchase Orders and Item Receipts for procurement workflows. Contact your Ramp representative for more information

New sync_status field to Transactions, Reimbursements, Transfers, and Cashbacks for tracking sync state

Filter with sync_status query parameter to retrieve records based on their sync state

Query Accounting Custom Fields and Options by remote_id parameter for easier external system mapping

Mark Accounting Custom Fields as required to enforce validation before sync-ready status

Ramp MCP Server — Enables developers to expose business data through an LLM-friendly SQL interface. Available as a Python package with support for custom tools, data loaders, and SQL execution. View on GitHub or read our blog post

Beta: Custom Records now available for Ramp Plus customers to add custom fields to users for advanced workflows (e.g., Cost Center, Division, Custom Approvers). Define and manage custom or native tables via CSV, SCIM, or API. Contact your Ramp representative for more information

New endpoint GET /developer/v1/bank-accounts/{bank_account_id} to retrieve linked bank account information

Bills and Vendors API Launch

New: Manage vendors, bills, and payments via API for your Accounts Payable workflows

All endpoints are accessible in both Sandbox and Production environments

Support for creating, updating, deleting, and retrieving Vendors, Vendor Contacts, and Bills

Deprecation Notice: Cards API

Deprecated: Ramp is transitioning from the Cards API to the more flexible Limits API

Use the Limits API for card issuance and management functionality

The Limits API enables one-to-many relationships between limits and cards and shared limits across users

Physical card shipping will continue to be supported via the Cards API until full migration support is provided

---

title: Ramp CLI
source_url: /developer-api/v1/cli
text_url: /llms-guides/cli.txt
summary: Authenticate with OAuth, manage expenses, approve bills, book travel, and more from your terminal or AI agent.

content:
Authenticate with OAuth, manage expenses, approve bills, book travel, and more from your terminal or AI agent.

The CLI is open source. View the repo at github.com/ramp-public/ramp-cli.

This detects your platform, downloads a pre-built binary, and sets up the ramp command.

If you already have uv installed:

The CLI uses OAuth to authenticate against the Ramp API. Run ramp auth login to open a browser-based OAuth flow.

By default, the CLI connects to the Sandbox environment. Switch environments with the --env flag or set a default:

Every CLI action runs as the user who authenticated via ramp auth login. This means:

Actions are attributed to you. Approving a bill, submitting a reimbursement, or posting a comment will show your name in Ramp, just as if you performed the action in the dashboard.

Permissions match your Ramp role. ramp transactions list --transactions_to_retrieve my_transactions returns your own transactions. all_transactions_across_entire_business requires admin access. If you can't see it in the dashboard, you can't see it in the CLI.

Data visibility follows your access. Non-admins see only their own transactions, bills, and reimbursements. Admins can query across the business.

Run ramp users me to confirm which user the CLI is acting as.

The CLI supports two output modes. In a terminal, output defaults to human-readable tables. When piped, it switches to JSON automatically.

--human

Human-readable table output (default in terminal)

--agent

Machine-readable JSON output (default when piped)

--wide

Show all columns in table output

The CLI includes a skill system for AI agent frameworks. Skills are structured instructions that teach an agent how to use Ramp for specific workflows like approving expenses, uploading receipts, or making purchases.

Commands

The CLI is organized into commands and resources. Commands handle setup and configuration. Resources map to API entities, each with their own set of tools.

auth

Login, logout, check status

config

Get/set CLI configuration

env

Show or set default environment (sandbox/production)

applications

Apply for a Ramp account

skills

Browse and install agent skill instructions

feedback

Submit feedback about the CLI

11 resources, each with their own tools. Usage: ramp <resource> <tool> [OPTIONS]

accounting

categories, category-options

bills

search, get, draft, pending, approve, attachments

funds

list, activate, creds, lock

general

comment, explain, help-center, policy

purchase_orders

search, get

receipts

upload, attach

reimbursements

list, pending, submit, approve, edit

requests

pending, approve

transactions

list, get, approve, edit, missing, flag-missing, explain-missing, memo-suggestions, trips

travel

list, create, bookings, locations

users

me, search, org-chart

Run ramp <resource> <tool> --help to see all available flags for any tool.

Global flags

These flags work with any command:

--env, -e

sandbox (default) or production

--output, -o

Output format: json or table

--quiet, -q

Suppress progress output

--no-input

Disable interactive prompts (for CI/scripts)

Each tool has its own flags. Common patterns:

--json TEXT

Raw JSON request body (bypasses flags)

--dry_run, -n

Print request without sending

--page_size N

Results per page

--next_page_cursor

Resume pagination from previous response

Common workflows

For non-interactive environments, use --no-input to disable prompts and --quiet to suppress progress output:

To contribute to the CLI or run it from source:

See the LICENSE for details.

Need help?

Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

---

title: Custom Records
source_url: /developer-api/v1/custom-records
text_url: /llms-guides/custom-records.txt
summary: The Custom Records API allows you to extend Ramp's data models with your own custom fields and data. Whether you need to add custom fields to existing Ramp objects or create entirely new data structures, this API provides the flexibility to integrate Ramp with your business processes.

content:
The Custom Records API allows you to extend Ramp's data models with your own custom fields and data. Whether you need to add custom fields to existing Ramp objects or create entirely new data structures, this API provides the flexibility to integrate Ramp with your business processes.

Custom Records are available to Ramp Plus and Ramp Enterprise customers only. For more information, contact your Ramp representative.

With the Custom Records API you can:

Extend Native Objects: Add custom fields and relationships to Ramp objects such as Users, Locations, Departments, and Accounting Field Options

Create Custom Tables: Build your own data structures to store business-specific information

Link Data: Create relationships between custom and native data

Query and Filter: Search and retrieve data using flexible filtering options

At this time, the API supports writes to custom record values, as well as creating and reading table and column definitions.

To get started, use the Custom Records Configuration API to set up tables and columns. Then, use the Native Tables and Custom Tables API to manage and manipulate data.

Native Tables vs Custom Tables

Custom Records track data in either Native Tables or Custom Tables, depending on the type of data.

Native Tables allow extending core Ramp objects with custom fields These tables use Ramp IDs for row identification, matching rows to the core Ramp object they extend. See the Supported Native Tables section for a list of supported native tables and how to reference them.

If a Ramp ID is provided that does not yet exist for a table, the row will not be created and an error will be returned.

If a referenced native Ramp object is deleted, the extension row will not be accessible. Queries and references will indicate value not found.

If additional extensibility above what a Ramp object provides is required, Custom Tables can be used. Custom Tables can store arbitrary data, and can help represent data that doesn't fit into the core Ramp objects. Rows that are on Custom Tables are identified using external keys.

If an external_key field is provided that does not yet exist for a table, a new row with that external_key will be created.

Note that external keys are immutable, case-sensitive, and must be unique within a table.

This diagram shows:

Users (Native Table)
Has one home_state (reference to the States table)
Can be a Regional Director for one or more regions (column corresponding to the regional_directors column on the Regions table)
Uses Ramp User UUID as primary key

Has one home_state (reference to the States table)

Can be a Regional Director for one or more regions (column corresponding to the regional_directors column on the Regions table)

Uses Ramp User UUID as primary key

States (Custom Table)
Has one region (reference to the Region table)
Has many Users (column corresponding to the home_state column on the Users table)
Uses external_key as primary key

Has one region (reference to the Region table)

Has many Users (column corresponding to the home_state column on the Users table)

Uses external_key as primary key

Regions (Custom Table)
Can have many Regional Directors (reference to the User table)
Has many States (column corresponding to the region column on the States table)
Uses external_key as primary key

Can have many Regional Directors (reference to the User table)

Has many States (column corresponding to the region column on the States table)

Note how bidirectional relationships are maintained automatically through corresponding columns.

The example matches the schema shown in the diagram above, showing how Users can have a home state and be regional directors for multiple regions.

Creating Tables

To add custom fields to existing Ramp objects, you need to first extend the native table. This creates a container for your custom columns on that native object:

For a list of supported Ramp tables, see the Supported Native Tables section.

Extending the Users table:

Custom tables allow you to store arbitrary business data that doesn't fit into Ramp's core objects. To create a custom table, use the /configure/custom-tables endpoint:

Let's create the States and Regions tables from our example:

Creating the States table:

Creating the Regions table:

Note: The name (or API name), is used to identify the table across API calls. It must be a lowercase, alpha-only slug. Underscores are permitted, but not at the beginning and end. The table label is displayed to users within Ramp and can be an arbitrary string.

Creating Columns

Once you've created or extended a table, you can add columns to store data. There are two types of columns: reference columns for relationships between tables, and primitive columns for simple values.

When creating custom columns, you will need to specify a name (also called an API name) and column label. The API name is used to identify the column across API calls while the column label is displayed to users within Ramp. They have the same value constraints as table API names and labels.

Reference columns create relationships between tables. When you create a reference, the API automatically creates a corresponding column on the referenced table to maintain bidirectional relationships.

For more information, see the Bidirectional References and has_more section.

Adding a home_state column to the Users native table:

This creates:

A home_state column on Users that references States (many Users can have one State)

A residents column on States that shows all Users from that state (automatically maintained)

Adding a region column to the States table:

Adding regional_directors to the Regions table:

Primitive columns store simple data types like text or boolean values, useful for storing properties of an object, like a State's Name. To create a column, use the /columns endpoint for your table:

Adding a name column to the States table:

Note: Primitive columns are typically less useful in workflows, as it's harder to make conditions based on them. If you would like to create workflow conditions that check for a specific value of a column, you should make a Custom Table and use a reference column instead.

Working with Tables

To get started with either custom or native tables:

List available tables using the /custom-tables or /native-tables endpoints

Get column definitions for a specific table using the /{table_name}/columns endpoint

Use the column information to understand the table's structure and available fields

Primitive columns

A text column contains simple text/string values

A boolean column contains true or false values

Reference columns

Reference columns are a special type of column that can reference rows on other tables. They can either be:

A native_reference to a Native Table, linking to core Ramp objects (users, departments, locations, etc.)
When writing a reference value, requires both Ramp column_name and Ramp object value for identification (e.g., {"column_name": "id", "value": "<ramp_user_uuid>"})

When writing a reference value, requires both Ramp column_name and Ramp object value for identification (e.g., {"column_name": "id", "value": "<ramp_user_uuid>"})

A custom_reference to a Custom Table, linking to other custom tables you've created
Only requires the external key for identification

Only requires the external key for identification

For custom tables, you can:

Create or update rows using PUT /custom-tables/{table_name}/rows

Delete rows using DELETE /custom-tables/{table_name}/rows

Append or remove individual cells using the -/append and -/remove endpoints

For native tables, you can:

Read rows using GET /native-tables/{table_name}/rows

Update custom field values using PUT /native-tables/{table_name}/rows

Append or remove custom field values using the -/append and -/remove endpoints

When writing to rows, keep these important points in mind:

All rows in a single PUT request must write to the same set of columns.
If a row should not have a value for a column, that column must still be included in the request with an explicit null contents value.

If a row should not have a value for a column, that column must still be included in the request with an explicit null contents value.

For columns that reference multiple items, each reference must be a separate cell entry

References to custom tables require only the external key, while references to native tables require both a column name and value

Some columns (those with allows_writes=False) do not allow direct writes. In these cases, write to the corresponding, writable column on the other table instead.
For more information, see the Bidirectional References and has_more section.

PUT operations on columns that reference multiple items (lists) will replace all existing values with the provided values. To modify list contents without replacing everything, use the -/append and -/remove endpoints

A PUT operation with a null contents value will remove all values from that field

For best performance:
Write to one reference column at a time when updating multiple references
Or write to multiple columns at once when setting single values

Write to one reference column at a time when updating multiple references

Or write to multiple columns at once when setting single values

Using the example Custom Table schema for Regions from above, let's setup the Northeast region to have one regional director (User email=alice@company.com) and Southwest region to have two regional directors (User id=01956422-6793-7700-adb4-3f1bd635ee49, User email=bob@company.com).

Note how:

The Northeast region has a single director, referenced by email

The Southwest region has two directors, one referenced by UUID and one by email

Each director reference is a separate cell entry

All references to native tables (Users) include both column_name and value

For more information about referencing native tables, including supported column names for identification, see the Supported Native Tables section.

Pagination and Filtering

When listing rows, both custom and native tables support:

Page size control (default: 50, max: 100)

Cursor-based pagination using the start parameter

Filtering by external keys (custom tables) or Ramp IDs (native tables)

Column-specific filters using filter.column_name.operation

You can filter table rows by specific column values using the format filter.column_name.operation=value. The following operations are supported:

one_of: Match any value in a list

is_not: Matches no values in a list

For columns that reference other tables, use different identifiers based on the table type:

Native tables: Use the Ramp ID as the filter value

Custom tables: Use the external key as the filter value

Example filters:

Example query for a information about a specific Ramp user:

This response shows:

The user's home state (California)

The regions they are a director for (West and Northwest)

Both relationships are maintained automatically through bidirectional references

has_more: false indicates we have all the references for each relationship

When you create a reference between tables, the API automatically maintains the reverse relationship by creating a corresponding column:

Reference Column: The column you create (e.g., home_state on Users)

Corresponding Column: Automatically created on the referenced table (e.g., residents on States)

Key points about corresponding columns:

The corresponding_column_name is required when creating a reference

The corresponding_column_label is optional and will be auto-generated if not provided

Corresponding columns have allows_writes=false - you must write to the original reference column

This bidirectional relationship allows you to:

Navigate data relationships in both directions

Maintain data consistency

Build complex queries from any starting point

When a reference column's contents have has_more as true, it indicates that not all referenced rows are included in the response. To retrieve the complete set of references, you'll need to query the referenced table directly using the corresponding column. To get all states in the West region, query the states table using the corresponding column:

This will return all states with the a reference to the West Region in their region column.

Supported Native Tables

Note that when provding a contents value that references a ramp object, it should be formatted similarly to: {"column_name": "id", "value": <UUID>}. Different Native Ramp tables allow other column names to be used as well.

id

User's Ramp UUID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<user_id>"}

email

User's email address

{"column_name": "email", "value": "user_email@company.com"}

Users endpoint

Location's Ramp UUID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<location_id>"}

name

Location's name

{"column_name": "name", "value": "New York City"}

Locations endpoint

Department's Ramp UUID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<department_id>"}

Department's name

{"column_name": "name", "value": "Engineering"}

Departments endpoint

Option's Ramp UUID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<accounting_field_option_id>"}

field_id::option_id

Combined accounting field remote id and accounting field option remote id

{"column_name": "field_id::option_id", "value": "Projects::Project A"}

Make sure that if you're using this format,

Accounting Field Options endpoint

Note: Use the ramp_id from the response to reference the accounting field option in a custom table or row.

Entity's Ramp ID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<entity_id>"}

Enitity's name

{"column_name": "name", "value": "Acme Corp LLC"}

Entities Endpoint

Bill's Ramp UUID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<bill_id>"}

Bills endpoint

Transaction's Ramp UUID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<transaction_id>"}

Transactions endpoint

Reimbursement's Ramp UUID

{"column_name": "id", "value": "<reimbursement_id>"}

Reimbursements endpoint

---

title: Data Relationships
source_url: /developer-api/v1/data-relationships
text_url: /llms-guides/data-relationships.txt
summary: Relationship information is automatically shown in each resource's documentation. Look for relationship indicators next to UUID fields that reference other resources.

content:
Relationship information is automatically shown in each resource's documentation. Look for relationship indicators next to UUID fields that reference other resources.

Ramp's API resources are interconnected through a rich set of relationships that mirror real-world business processes. Understanding these relationships is crucial for building effective integrations, especially when you need to:

Plan complex integrations that span multiple resources

Optimize API calls by understanding data dependencies

Build comprehensive reporting that connects related data

Design user interfaces that reflect business workflows

When viewing any API resource, you'll see interactive relationship indicators next to UUID fields that reference other resources. These indicators show the target resource and relationship type, with clickable links for easy navigation.

Relationship Types

The most common relationship type where multiple records reference a single parent record.

Examples:

Users → Department: Many employees belong to one department

Transactions → User: Many transactions are made by one cardholder

Bills → Vendor: Many bills are paid to one vendor

A single parent record has multiple child records.

Department → Users: One department has many employees

Vendor → Bills: One vendor receives multiple bills

User → Cards: One user can have multiple cards

A direct relationship between two specific records.

Business → Primary Location: Each business has one primary location

Card → Primary User: Each card has one primary cardholder

---

title: Debugging
source_url: /developer-api/v1/debugging
text_url: /llms-guides/debugging.txt
summary: Ramp APIs will return an x-trace-id header in all API responses. The x-trace-id is particularly helpful for debugging, as it enables correlation between logs, metrics, and the API response, providing greater visibility into how the request was processed.

content:
Ramp APIs will return an x-trace-id header in all API responses. The x-trace-id is particularly helpful for debugging, as it enables correlation between logs, metrics, and the API response, providing greater visibility into how the request was processed.

Include the x-trace-id when reaching out to Ramp support for quicker issue resolution.

Use the x-trace-id to track specific requests across different systems and identify potential bottlenecks or failures.

Make sure to log the x-trace-id in your application for easy reference in case you need to troubleshoot any API interactions.

Every API response includes the trace ID in the headers:

When contacting support, always include this trace ID for faster resolution.

How to Submit a Developer API Support Ticket

1. Navigate to Company > Developer

In the left-hand navigation, click Company to expand the menu, then select Developer. (You can skip this step if you're accessing directly from the developer console.)

2. Open Developer API Support

On the Developer page, click the Developer API Support card.

3. Select "Connect to Developer Support team"

In the chat window, select Connect to Developer Support team.

4. Answer the agent's questions

The AI assistant will ask you a few questions about your issue. Answer as completely as you can, then review the pre-filled support ticket form to confirm the details look accurate.

5. Click "Submit Ticket"

Click Submit Ticket to send your request to the team.

Our Developer Support team will follow up with you over email.

---

title: Deferred Tasks
source_url: /developer-api/v1/deferred-tasks
text_url: /llms-guides/deferred-tasks.txt
summary: Some API calls, for example requesting for a new card, require asynchronous processing. They are all denoted with /deferred/ in the request URL.

content:
Some API calls, for example requesting for a new card, require asynchronous processing. They are all denoted with /deferred/ in the request URL.

For these tasks, the API will return immediately with a task ID. This ID can then be used to call a GET deferred/status/{id} endpoint to check the status of the corresponding task.

For example, let's create a new virtual card. The initial request to POST /developer/v1/cards/deferred/virtual will return an ID.

This means that asynchronous task processing has started. Information about the task can be requested by calling the relevant deferred task status endpoint, in this case by calling GET /developer/v1/card/deferred/status/eca553b8-6923-42b2-aea9-8f3c15b079ff.

The following information is made available:

status: Represented by one of the following - STARTED, IN_PROGRESS, ERROR, SUCCESS.

data: Additional details on status. If the task processing succeeded, status="SUCCESS"; in the case of creation tasks, the id field returns the new object ID. If the task processing failed, as indicated by status="ERROR", the error field is populated with information about the error.

context: Static information about the initial request such as acting_user_id. For tasks with existing objects, such as card suspension, the ID of the targeted Ramp object is available.

You should poll the status endpoint periodically until the task completes:

Once the status becomes SUCCESS or ERROR, the task is complete and you can proceed accordingly.

---

title: Developer MCP
source_url: /developer-api/v1/developer-mcp
text_url: /llms-guides/developer-mcp.txt
summary: The Developer MCP server is subject to change. Feedback and questions can be submitted via a Developer API support ticket.

content:
The Developer MCP server is subject to change. Feedback and questions can be submitted via a Developer API support ticket.

Developer MCP is Ramp's specialized Model Context Protocol server designed for developers building with Ramp's API. It enables AI assistants to provide real-time API help, lookup schemas, and offer implementation guidance directly within your development workflow.

Unlike other Ramp MCP servers, no Ramp account is needed — making it accessible to any developer exploring or integrating with Ramp's API.

Why Use Developer MCP?

Get immediate answers to API questions without switching contexts or searching through documentation. Ask natural language questions about authentication, endpoints, schemas, and implementation patterns.

Retrieve up-to-date OpenAPI schemas and get suggestions for related endpoints as you build, ensuring your integration stays current with Ramp's API.

Reduce time spent on API documentation searches and common implementation questions, letting you focus on building your integration.

Getting Started

Server URL: https://mcp.ramp.com/developer/mcp

Open Claude Desktop

Navigate to Settings → Developer

Click 'Edit config'

Add the Developer MCP server:

Restart Claude Desktop — Developer MCP works instantly without any authentication

Add the Developer MCP server to your Claude Code session:

Then run /mcp in your Claude Code session to activate the server and start asking API questions.

Cursor Desktop App Required

The Cursor desktop app must be installed for this one-click link to work.

For clients supporting remote MCP connections, use the server URL: https://mcp.ramp.com/developer/mcp

Refer to your client's MCP documentation for specific configuration steps.

Available Tools

The Developer MCP provides three core tools for API assistance:

Intelligent documentation search with intent detection

Search Ramp's API documentation using natural language queries

Get contextual results based on your specific question or use case

Returns relevant endpoints, examples, and implementation guidance

Real-time OpenAPI schema retrieval with related endpoint suggestions

Get the complete OpenAPI schema for any Ramp API endpoint

Receive suggestions for related endpoints that might be useful

Ensures you're working with the most current API specifications

Direct feedback channel to Ramp's developer experience team

Report issues, suggest improvements, or share feedback about the API or MCP server

Helps us continuously improve the developer experience

Troubleshooting

Configuration not working:

Verify JSON syntax in configuration files

Ensure file paths are correct for your operating system

Restart your client after making configuration changes

Node.js or npm issues:

Ensure Node.js is properly installed

Try npm install -g mcp-remote to install the required package

Remote MCP connection issues:

Remote MCP connections are early technology. If connection fails, restart your client and try again

Ensure your client supports HTTP-based MCP connections

Support: Submit a Developer API support ticket

Feedback Tool: Use the submit_feedback tool directly within the MCP interface

---

title: Errors
source_url: /developer-api/v1/error-handling
text_url: /llms-guides/error-handling.txt
summary: The Ramp API returns detailed error information in the response body along with standard HTTP status codes. This allows you to quickly diagnose and address issues with your API requests.

content:
The Ramp API returns detailed error information in the response body along with standard HTTP status codes. This allows you to quickly diagnose and address issues with your API requests.

Here is an example of an error response:

The Ramp API ignores extra request parameters or body fields that are not defined in the endpoint specification. This means:

Sending additional query parameters that aren't documented won't cause an error

Including extra fields in the request body won't cause validation failures

Your requests will succeed as long as all required fields are present and valid

This behavior allows for forward compatibility but means you won't receive warnings about misspelled field names or deprecated parameters. We recommend validating your requests against the schema documentation during development.

Inspect HTTP Status Codes:

Use status codes to identify the category of the error (e.g., 4xx for client errors, 5xx for server errors).

Inspect HTTP Status Codes:

Use status codes to identify the category of the error (e.g., 4xx for client errors, 5xx for server errors).

Utilize the error_v2 Field:

Parse the error_code and additional_info to pinpoint the issue and provide actionable feedback in your application.

Utilize the error_v2 Field:

Parse the error_code and additional_info to pinpoint the issue and provide actionable feedback in your application.

Log Errors:

Log error responses, including the x-trace-id from the response headers, for easier debugging and communication with Ramp developer support.

Log Errors:

Log error responses, including the x-trace-id from the response headers, for easier debugging and communication with Ramp developer support.

Implement Retry Logic:

For transient errors (e.g., 429 Too Many Requests or 5xx), implement exponential backoff to retry requests.

Implement Retry Logic:

For transient errors (e.g., 429 Too Many Requests or 5xx), implement exponential backoff to retry requests.

Provide User Feedback:

Use the message field to display clear and concise error messages to users, when applicable.

Provide User Feedback:

Use the message field to display clear and concise error messages to users, when applicable.

400

Bad Request - Invalid request format

401

Unauthorized - Invalid or missing API token

403

Forbidden - Insufficient permissions

404

Not Found - Resource doesn't exist

422

Unprocessable Entity - Validation errors

429

Too Many Requests - Rate limit exceeded

500

Internal Server Error - Server-side issue

504

Gateway Timeout - Request exceeded the 60-second timeout

---

title: Getting Started
source_url: /developer-api/v1/getting-started
text_url: /llms-guides/getting-started.txt
summary: This guide will help you make your first Ramp API call in just a few minutes. You'll create an access token and call the Transactions API to retrieve transaction data.

content:
This guide will help you make your first Ramp API call in just a few minutes. You'll create an access token and call the Transactions API to retrieve transaction data.

This guide assumes you are a Ramp customer with admin access to your dashboard. Need a test environment for development? Request access to our Sandbox.

First, you'll need to create a developer app to get your API credentials.

In your Ramp account, go to Company → Developer (you'll need admin access).

Click Create New App.

Name your app (e.g., "API Quickstart") and accept the Terms.

Under Grant types, click Add new grant type → select Client Credentials.

Under Scopes, click Configure allowed scopes and select transactions:read.

Copy your Client ID and Client Secret. Store them securely – you'll need them in the next step.

For more details on authorization, see the Authorization Guide.

With your credentials, request an access token. The token authenticates your API requests.

Replace {environment-url} with:

https://demo-api.ramp.com for Sandbox

https://api.ramp.com for Production

Response:

Copy the access_token – you'll use it to make API calls. Tokens expire after 10 days.

With your access token, you can now call the Ramp API. Let's retrieve your transactions using the GET /transactions endpoint.

Add the header Authorization: Bearer <YOUR_TOKEN_HERE> and make a GET request to {environment-url}/developer/v1/transactions.

---

title: Introduction
source_url: /developer-api/v1/introduction
text_url: /llms-guides/introduction.txt
summary: Automate spend, connect your systems, and build powerful integrations—all with one API.

content:
Automate spend, connect your systems, and build powerful integrations—all with one API.

Learn more about building integrations with Ramp.

Start Building

View documentation

View OpenAPI Spec

Quickstart Guides

Make your first API call in minutes

Authorize with OAuth 2.0 for secure access

Manage team spending with cards and funds

Optimize payments with Virtual Cards

Connect your ERP or accounting system

Use the Ramp MCP to chat with your data

Manage Ramp from the terminal with the CLI

Need help? Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

---

title: MCP
source_url: /developer-api/v1/mcp
text_url: /llms-guides/mcp.txt
summary: The Model Context Protocol (MCP) enables AI assistants to securely connect to your business data and systems. Instead of copying and pasting information or switching between applications, you can ask your AI assistant direct questions about your Ramp account and get instant, accurate answers.

content:
The Model Context Protocol (MCP) enables AI assistants to securely connect to your business data and systems. Instead of copying and pasting information or switching between applications, you can ask your AI assistant direct questions about your Ramp account and get instant, accurate answers.

MCP Options

---

title: Monetary Values
source_url: /developer-api/v1/monetary-values
text_url: /llms-guides/monetary-values.txt
summary: In the Ramp API, monetary values are represented by the currency_code and amount. All currency_code values are three-letter acronyms as defined in ISO 4217 (e.g., USD for US Dollars). There are two representations of the amount:

content:
In the Ramp API, monetary values are represented by the currency_code and amount. All currency_code values are three-letter acronyms as defined in ISO 4217 (e.g., USD for US Dollars). There are two representations of the amount:

Canonical representation (Preferred)

Ramp's preferred method for representing monetary values is canonical representation, which uses the CurrencyAmount type to group amount and currency_code together. The amount is represented as an integer in the smallest denomination to avoid precision loss.

For example:

USD: $40 is represented as 4000 (since 1 USD = 100 cents)

JPY: ¥5000 is represented as 5000 (since 1 JPY = 1 yen)

To calculate the correct amount for different currencies, the canonical representation multiplies the amount by 10 raised to the power of D, where D is the number of decimal places for the currency. You can find the D value for any currency in the ISO 4217 Wikipedia page.

USD, EUR, GBP, etc.: D = 2 (i.e., multiply the amount by 100 for cents)

JPY: D = 0 (i.e., no decimal places)

Formula:

For example, for USD:

USD

4000 ($40.00)

2

EUR

10000 (€100.00)

JPY

5000 (¥5000)

0

GBP

2500 (£25.00)

Below is the schema definition of CurrencyAmount type:

The legacy representation is an older way of representing amounts. Although this method is still supported for backward compatibility, it is deprecated and will be replaced in future releases. You should migrate to the canonical representation for new development.

Date and DateTime are represented using a string that conforms to ISO8601; UTC is assumed if no timezone offset is specified. For example,

---

title: Pagination
source_url: /developer-api/v1/pagination
text_url: /llms-guides/pagination.txt
summary: Pagination allows you to retrieve an entire dataset with a series of requests, where each request fetches a portion of the data set. By loading data in smaller chunks, pagination reduces the amount of data transmitted per response and alleviates the load on the servers, ensuring faster loading times and a smoother user experience.

content:
Pagination allows you to retrieve an entire dataset with a series of requests, where each request fetches a portion of the data set. By loading data in smaller chunks, pagination reduces the amount of data transmitted per response and alleviates the load on the servers, ensuring faster loading times and a smoother user experience.

Ramp API uses a mechanism called keyset pagination to divide data into fixed-size pages. Keyset pagination relies on the use of one or more columns with unique, ordered values in the database table. These columns are typically indexed for fast retrieval.

How Keyset Pagination Works

Here's how keyset pagination works step-by-step:

To start, initiate a request for the first page of results. The API response will include a next field, which contains the complete URL for accessing the next page of data.

Utilize the URL provided in the next field to send a subsequent request for the next page of results. To construct the query for fetching this subsequent set of records, the client incorporates the start query parameter as a cursor.

Repeat the process of requesting subsequent pages using the next URL and updating the start cursor parameter until the API returns a null value for the next field. This indicates that all records have been successfully fetched.

---

title: Ramp MCP
source_url: /developer-api/v1/ramp-mcp
text_url: /llms-guides/ramp-mcp.txt
summary: Ramp MCP is subject to change. Feedback and questions can be submitted via a Developer API support ticket.

content:
Ramp MCP is subject to change. Feedback and questions can be submitted via a Developer API support ticket.

Ramp MCP allows you to securely connect Ramp with AI assistants like ChatGPT and Claude, so you can query Ramp data and take actions with natural language. Admins can analyze data to identify spend trends and forecasting insights, while employees can check balances, request reimbursements, or get policy answers directly from their daily tools.

Example Use Cases

Getting Started

A Ramp production or sandbox account

Access to your chosen AI platform (Claude, ChatGPT, etc.)

Using demo data

Replace https://mcp.ramp.com/mcp with https://demo-mcp.ramp.com/mcp in any config below to use sample data instead of live Ramp data.

Add the Ramp MCP server to your Claude Code session:

Run /mcp in your session to verify the connection.

Cursor desktop app required

The Cursor desktop app must be installed for this one-click link to work.

Or add manually to ~/.cursor/mcp.json:

Add the following to your Claude Desktop config file:

macOS: ~/Library/Application Support/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json

Windows: %APPDATA%\Claude\claude_desktop_config.json

Add the following to your VS Code MCP settings:

For any MCP-compatible client, use the server URL to configure a connection:

Production: https://mcp.ramp.com/mcp

Demo: https://demo-mcp.ramp.com/mcp

Check your tool's MCP documentation for configuration format.

After setup, try a prompt to confirm everything is working:

"What Ramp cards do I have?"

"Show me my recent transactions"

In Claude Code, run /mcp to check that the Ramp server appears in your connected servers list.

Admins can control which employees have access to Ramp MCP through Integrations:

Navigate to Company → Integrations → Ramp MCP in your Ramp dashboard

Select 'Manage Access'

Set restrictions based on roles, departments, or specific users

This provides fine-grained control over who can use AI copilots to access Ramp data and functionality.

Employee Tools: Available to all Ramp users, but respect individual user permissions (e.g., users will only see funds and cards available to their account)

Admin Tools: Only available to users with admin or business owner permissions

Agent card tools are in beta

ramp_get_agent_card_creds and ramp_get_agent_card_funds are currently in beta. Users can join the waitlist at agents.ramp.com/cards.

ramp_activate_card

Activate a physical Ramp card

✅

ramp_answer_policy_question

Answer natural-language questions about company policies

ramp_approve_or_reject_bill

Approve or reject a bill

ramp_approve_or_reject_reimbursement

Approve or reject a reimbursement

ramp_approve_or_reject_request

Approve or reject a request

ramp_approve_or_reject_transaction

Approve or reject a transaction

ramp_ask_help_center

Answer questions using Ramp Help Center content

ramp_create_trip

Create a trip in Ramp Travel

ramp_edit_reimbursement

Edit a reimbursement's details before submission

ramp_edit_transaction

Edit transaction details such as coding or notes

ramp_get_agent_card_creds

Get agent card credentials for users with approved beta access

ramp_get_agent_card_funds

Get agent card funding details for users with approved beta access

ramp_get_bill_details

Get detailed information for a specific bill

ramp_get_bill_invoices

Retrieve invoice files and metadata for a specific bill

ramp_get_bills_for_approval

List bills awaiting the current user's review

ramp_get_bookings

Retrieve travel bookings for the current user

ramp_get_candidate_trips_for_transaction

Find matching trips for a transaction

ramp_get_decline_explanation

Explain why a transaction or request was declined

ramp_get_draft_bill_details

Get detailed information for a draft bill

ramp_get_flight_booking_locations

Resolve free-text flight locations into standardized airport data

ramp_get_full_transaction_metadata

Retrieve full metadata for a specific transaction

ramp_get_funds

List all funds, stipends, or budgets available to the current user

ramp_get_org_chart

Get the org chart around a user

ramp_get_purchase_order_details

Get detailed information for a specific purchase order

ramp_get_reimbursements

Get reimbursements for the current user

ramp_get_reimbursements_for_approval

List reimbursements awaiting the current user's review

ramp_get_requests_to_review

List requests awaiting the current user's review

ramp_get_simplified_user_detail

Get the current user's basic Ramp profile and permissions context

ramp_get_tracking_categories

List available tracking categories

ramp_get_tracking_category_options

List options for a tracking category

ramp_get_transaction_missing_items

Check what required items are missing for a transaction

ramp_get_transaction_suggested_memos

Get AI-suggested memo options for a transaction

ramp_get_transactions

Get transaction history for the current user

ramp_get_user_trips

Retrieve trips for a user

ramp_list_cards

List all Ramp cards available to the current user

ramp_lock_or_unlock_card

Lock or unlock a specific Ramp card by card ID

ramp_mark_transaction_missing_receipt

Mark a transaction as missing a receipt

ramp_post_comment

Post a comment on a supported Ramp workflow item

ramp_provide_no_receipt_reason

Record a no-receipt explanation for a transaction

ramp_search_bills

Search bills the current user can access

ramp_search_purchase_orders

Search purchase orders the current user can access

ramp_search_user

Search for users in the Ramp account

ramp_submit_reimbursement

Submit a reimbursement

execute_query

Run SQL queries on loaded data

❌

clear_table

Clear specific tables from memory

load_spend_export

Load transactions, reimbursements, and bills (recommended)

load_purchase_orders

Load purchase order data

load_cards

Load card information

load_limits

Load spending limit data

load_entities

Load entity information

load_departments

Load department data

load_users

Load user/employee data

load_memos

Load memo data

load_locations

Load office location data

load_spend_programs

Load spend program data

load_vendors

Load vendor information

get_ramp_categories

Get all available Ramp spending categories

Troubleshooting

Authentication fails or connection drops:

Claude Code: Run /mcp, select Ramp, and choose "Clear authentication"

Cursor / Claude Desktop: Remove and re-add the server in your config, then restart the app

ChatGPT: Disconnect and reconnect the Ramp app in Settings → Apps

Clear cached MCP auth: rm -rf ~/.mcp-auth (if applicable)

Ensure you're logged into the correct Ramp account

"ETL operation limit reached":

Wait for current data operations to complete

Ask the AI to clear unused tables to free up resources

"Query returned more than 100 rows":

The AI will automatically add more specific filters and retry

All questions and feedback about Ramp MCP can be submitted via a Developer API support ticket

---

title: Rate Limiting and Timeouts
source_url: /developer-api/v1/rate-limiting
text_url: /llms-guides/rate-limiting.txt
summary: API requests that take longer than 60 seconds will be terminated and return a 504 Gateway Timeout response. Most API requests complete well within this limit, but if you're working with large datasets or complex queries:

content:
API requests that take longer than 60 seconds will be terminated and return a 504 Gateway Timeout response. Most API requests complete well within this limit, but if you're working with large datasets or complex queries:

Use pagination to break large requests into smaller chunks.

Implement retry logic with exponential backoff for any 504 responses.

To ensure reliable and equitable access to our API, we enforce rate limiting. By default, API requests are limited as follows, applied per source IP address:

Limit: 200 requests per 10-second rolling window.

Reset Mechanism: The window operates on a rolling basis, meaning every new request resets the 10-second timer for that particular request.

When the rate limit is exceeded, the API responds with a 429 Too Many Requests status code. This indicates that further requests should be paused until the limit resets.

Implement Backoff Strategies: When receiving a 429 Too Many Requests response:
Implement exponential backoff (e.g., 1s, 2s, 4s) before retrying.
Avoid immediate retries, as this could worsen delays.

Implement exponential backoff (e.g., 1s, 2s, 4s) before retrying.

Avoid immediate retries, as this could worsen delays.

Optimize API Calls: Consolidate requests wherever possible, such as using batch endpoints or minimizing redundant calls.

If you make 200 requests at 10:00:00, the limit will be reached, and subsequent requests will return a 429 response. If no further requests are made, the limit will reset by 10:00:10. However, if you continue making requests during the window, the rolling timer will extend accordingly.

If your application requires a higher limit, you can request an increase. To do so:

Analyze and document your expected API usage.

Submit a Developer API support ticket with your account details and usage requirements.

Providing clear information about your use case and anticipated volume will help expedite the review process.

---

title: Sandbox
source_url: /developer-api/v1/sandbox
text_url: /llms-guides/sandbox.txt
summary: The Ramp sandbox is a testing environment where developers and partners can safely build, test, and experiment with Ramp's API without affecting live production data.

content:
The Ramp sandbox is a testing environment where developers and partners can safely build, test, and experiment with Ramp's API without affecting live production data.

Key features:

Safe testing environment: Test integrations and applications before deploying to production

API development: Access Ramp's Developer API for building custom integrations

No real money movement: Demo accounts cannot process actual financial transactions

How to get sandbox access

Developers/Partners: Submit a request through the Ramp technology partnerships page to receive both sandbox and developer console access

Existing customers: Request a sales sandbox through your Account Manager

Ramp frontend

https://demo.ramp.com

Access the Ramp user interface for testing

API

https://demo-api.ramp.com

Base URL for API calls in the Sandbox environment

Test demo actions

While building with the dev API, we support simulation actions to support testing within the Ramp sandbox environment. You can simulate user events through the demo actions panel. You can open the demo actions panel directly within the Ramp sandbox with ⌘ J.

To mark a bill as paid, navigate to Bill Pay via the UX, then open the bill you want to mark as paid. Press ⌘ J to open the demo actions panel and select 'pay current bill'.

Note: This demo action depends on your Bill Pay payment release setting. When enabled, it only works for bills that are approved and scheduled. When disabled, it works for all bills.

For more information, see Bill Pay payment release documentation.

To mark a reimbursement as paid, navigate to the reimbursements tab and select "needs review" to find pending reimbursements. Open the reimbursement you want to mark as paid, then press ⌘ J to open the demo actions panel and select "Mark reimbursement as paid".

To create a transaction, you can do this from any page within the sandbox environment. Press ⌘ J to open the demo actions panel and click on "add transactions".

Each demo action requires specific permissions to work properly:

Admin or Business Owner role, or the AP Clerk permission

Mark reimbursement as approved

The direct manager of the employee who submitted the reimbursement (or a manager in their reporting chain), Admin, or Bookkeeper role

Employee role or higher (Manager, Admin, or Bookkeeper). The Employee role allows users to request spend, receive cards, make purchases, and submit reimbursements. View-only Admins and Guests cannot create transactions.

---

title: Sync Button
source_url: /developer-api/v1/sync-button
text_url: /llms-guides/sync-button.txt
summary: This guide explains how integrators can set up the Accounting Sync Button for Accounting API-based connections. Once enabled for your integration, connected customers can initiate transaction and reimbursement syncs directly from the Ramp UI.

content:
This guide explains how integrators can set up the Accounting Sync Button for Accounting API-based connections. Once enabled for your integration, connected customers can initiate transaction and reimbursement syncs directly from the Ramp UI.

Note: This feature is currently in Alpha.

Transaction Sync Button appears on Accounting > Transactions and requires transactions:read, accounting:read, and accounting:write

Reimbursement Sync Button appears on Accounting > Reimbursements and requires reimbursements:read, accounting:read, and accounting:write

Both flows use the same accounting connection pattern: subscribe to a webhook, enable the sync button on the connection, fetch items with the requested_to_sync filter, then POST the sync result back to /developer/v1/accounting/syncs

Transaction Sync Button

Create a webhook subscription with the transactions.sync_requested event type. This will fire when the sync button is pressed.

To create the webhook, make a POST call to the /developer/v1/webhooks endpoint and include transactions.sync_requested in the event_types array:

Ramp will send a POST request with a challenge to your endpoint during setup:

Receive the challenge string from Ramp

Respond by making a verification API call:

Enable the setting that allows the transaction sync button for this connection. Once turned on, this shows the Sync button on the Accounting > Transactions page in Ramp.

Note

This setting is managed at the Accounting Connection level. If you plan on creating multiple Accounting Connections, you need to configure this setting for each connection.

For new connections: Make a POST call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection with settings.transaction_sync_button_enabled set to true:

For existing connections: First, retrieve your connection ID by making a GET call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection:

Then make a PATCH call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection/{connection_id}, using the id from the previous response as the connection_id, with settings.transaction_sync_button_enabled set to true:

Once enabled, the Sync button appears on the Accounting > Transactions page in Ramp.

Since you've subscribed to the webhook, you will receive a transactions.sync_requested event when a customer clicks the Sync button:

For the remaining steps, keep track of the sync_request_id value.

Important: 5-minute response window

You must respond by posting the Accounting Sync within 5 minutes of receiving the webhook. Transactions that don't have a sync posted within that window will be automatically marked as failed.

After receiving the transactions.sync_requested webhook, fetch the transactions that were requested for sync by calling the /developer/v1/transactions endpoint with the requested_to_sync filter. Only the transactions that were requested to sync will be returned.

Once you've synced the transaction data to your system, make a POST call to /developer/v1/accounting/syncs. Include the sync_request_id from the webhook payload in the request body.

Notes:

You can make multiple API calls to POST /developer/v1/accounting/syncs per sync request by providing the same sync_request_id.

Ramp will update the UI in real time with the accurate number of transactions successfully synced or failed.

Customers will see the same sync flow in the UI as they would with a direct Ramp accounting integration:

Click the Sync All button in the top right of the screen, or select specific transactions to sync individually.

View the sync progress at the top of the screen in real time.

See a summary of successes and errors (with error reasons) in the UI once the sync completes.

Reimbursement Sync Button

Create a webhook subscription with the reimbursements.sync_requested event type. This will fire when the sync button is pressed.

To create the webhook, make a POST call to the /developer/v1/webhooks endpoint and include reimbursements.sync_requested in the event_types array:

Enable the setting that allows the reimbursement sync button for this connection. Once turned on, this shows the Sync button on the Accounting > Reimbursements page in Ramp.

For new connections: Make a POST call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection with settings.reimbursement_sync_button_enabled set to true:

Then make a PATCH call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection/{connection_id}, using the id from the previous response as the connection_id, with settings.reimbursement_sync_button_enabled set to true:

Once enabled, the Sync button appears on the Accounting > Reimbursements page in Ramp.

Since you've subscribed to the webhook, you will receive a reimbursements.sync_requested event when a customer clicks the Sync button:

You must respond by posting the Accounting Sync within 5 minutes of receiving the webhook. Reimbursements that don't have a sync posted within that window will be automatically marked as failed.

After receiving the reimbursements.sync_requested webhook, fetch the reimbursements that were requested for sync by calling the /developer/v1/reimbursements endpoint with the requested_to_sync filter. Only the reimbursements that were requested to sync will be returned.

Once you've synced the reimbursement data to your system, make a POST call to /developer/v1/accounting/syncs. Include the sync_request_id from the webhook payload in the request body.

Ramp will update the UI in real time with the accurate number of reimbursements successfully synced or failed.

Click the Sync All button in the top right of the screen, or select specific reimbursements to sync individually.

---

title: Tax Codes
source_url: /developer-api/v1/tax-codes
text_url: /llms-guides/tax-codes.txt
summary: Tax code endpoints are currently in Beta. During the beta, endpoints may be subject to breaking changes, which will be announced via the Changelog.

content:
Tax code endpoints are currently in Beta. During the beta, endpoints may be subject to breaking changes, which will be announced via the Changelog.

Tax codes allow you to associate tax rates with transactions in Ramp, keeping your ERP and Ramp in sync on tax classification. Setting up tax codes involves three steps, which must be performed in this order:

An active accounting connection

GL accounts uploaded (required for associating tax rates with GL accounts)

accounting:read and accounting:write scopes

Tax rates define the individual rate values (e.g., GST at 5%, PST at 7%) that will be available as options within a tax code. Upload them first using POST /developer/v1/accounting/tax/rates:

id

Your ERP's external identifier for this tax rate

name

Display name of the tax rate

rate

Decimal value (e.g., "0.05" for 5%)

accounting_gl_account_id

The ramp_id of the GL account to associate with this tax rate. Required for API-based connections.
Use GET /developer/v1/accounting/accounts to find the ramp_id.

You can upload up to 500 tax rates per request. Batches are all-or-nothing: if any rate fails validation, the entire batch is rejected.

One tax code field per connection

You only need to create the tax code field once. If the tax code field already exists, skip to Step 3.

The tax code field is the accounting field that holds your tax code options. There can only be one active tax code field per accounting connection, so you only need to perform this step once.

Use POST /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code to create it:

Name of the tax code field in your ERP system

display_name

The label shown to users in Ramp (optional)

Tax code options are the selectable values within your tax code field. Each option can reference one or more tax rates from Step 1.

Use POST /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code/options to create them.

options[].id

Your ERP's external identifier for this option

options[].name

Display name of the option

options[].tax_rate_ids

List of tax rate remote IDs (from Step 1) to associate with this option

You can upload up to 500 options per request.

Once tax code options are uploaded, a Tax Code field will appear to end users as a selectable coding field on transactions in Ramp.

After a user selects a tax code, it will appear in the accounting_field_selections array for line items when fetching transactions. For example, when fetching a transaction that was coded with the tax codes uploaded above:

The tax code selection has "type": "TAX_CODE" in both the field entry and its category_info, making it easy to identify programmatically.

---

title: Vendor Credits
source_url: /developer-api/v1/vendor-credits
text_url: /llms-guides/vendor-credits.txt
summary: This guide explains how integrators can enable and use vendor credits with the Ramp API.

content:
This guide explains how integrators can enable and use vendor credits with the Ramp API.

Note: This feature is currently in Beta.

Requirements

Your app must have scopes accounting:read, accounting:write, and vendors:read

Note

This setting is managed at the Accounting Connection level. If you plan on creating multiple Accounting Connections, you need to configure this setting for each connection.

For new connections: Make a POST call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection with settings.vendor_credits_enabled set to true:

For existing connections: First, retrieve your connection ID by making a GET call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection:

Then make a PATCH call to /developer/v1/accounting/connection/{connection_id} with the id to enable vendor credits:

Once vendor credits are enabled, users can create them in the Ramp platform:

Navigate to Vendors

Click into a specific vendor

Click New in the right-hand corner

Select Vendor Credit and fill in the required fields

To list all vendor credits, make a GET call to /developer/v1/vendors/credits:

Example response:

List vendor credits for a specific vendor

To retrieve all vendor credits associated with a specific vendor, make a GET call to /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/credits. Use the vendor_id from the response above or from your vendor records:

This endpoint returns the same response format as the general credits list, but filtered to only include credits for the specified vendor.

To retrieve a specific vendor credit, make a GET call to /developer/v1/vendors/credits:

---

title: Virtual Cards
source_url: /developer-api/v1/virtual-cards
text_url: /llms-guides/virtual-cards.txt
summary: Due to PCI compliance requirements, 16-digit card numbers and CVVs are not available in production without approval. All customers will see these fields in Sandbox. Submit a Developer API support ticket to begin the qualification process for access.

content:
Due to PCI compliance requirements, 16-digit card numbers and CVVs are not available in production without approval. All customers will see these fields in Sandbox. Submit a Developer API support ticket to begin the qualification process for access.

Create and manage virtual cards with customizable spend and fraud controls, so you can safely embed payments into your apps, agents, or backend workflows.

For delivering virtual cards to vendors without PCI compliance requirements, see the card payment options in our Bill Pay guide.

For managing physical cards and funds, see our Cards and Funds guide.

Travel Platforms - Generate single-use virtual cards for each booking to streamline reconciliation and simplify refund workflows

B2B Marketplaces - Provide instant supplier payments via virtual cards while earning interchange on each transaction

Procurement & AP Platforms - Replace ACH payments with card

AI Agents - Enable AI agents to make autonomous payments with controlled spending limits and merchant restrictions

How It Works

A virtual card is generated instantly via Ramp’s API, optionally configured with:

Merchant restrictions – limiting transactions to specific providers (such as airlines or hotels)

Spending caps – ensuring charges do not exceed predefined thresholds

Expiration dates – to auto-expire unused cards for security and refund alignment

The generated card details (PAN, CVV, expiration) are securely delivered via Ramp’s Vault API. You pass these details to your vendor, travel partner, or supplier to process payment.

After the card is charged, Ramp notifies you via webhook and exposes detailed transaction metadata via API.

Card ID → Transaction mapping makes it easy to automate reconciliation

Supports adjustments & refunds even after the card is locked or expired

Webhooks are supported for notifications when a card is used, declined, or refunded

Use the following python snippets to instantiate an API client, make your first limit (virtual card), and pull its PAN/CVV. You can issue a virtual card and retrieve sensitive card details in one single synchronous API request.

You must have the cards:read_vault limits:write (and optionally, users:read) scopes enabled to run the sample code.

You’ll need to update constants like credentials and user information throughout and ensure your Python environment includes the following packages:

python-dotenv

requests

Copy your Client ID and Client Secret into a file named .env. The format should be:

In a separate python script:

At this point, CLIENT is an authenticated Ramp Developer API client.

To create cards we'll use a single synchronous API request to create a limit (with an associated virtual card) and retrieve card number information.

Terminating Virtual Cards

When you need to permanently terminate a virtual card created via the Vault API, use the limits termination endpoint, not the cards termination endpoint.

Virtual cards created through POST /vault/cards return both a spend_limit_id and a card.id. To terminate these cards:

✅ Correct: Use POST /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}/deferred/termination
❌ Incorrect: Don't use POST /developer/v1/cards/{card_id}/deferred/termination

The vault API creates a spend limit with an associated virtual card. Since the card is tied to the limit, you must terminate the limit using its spend_limit_id. Terminating the limit will automatically terminate the virtual card that's associated with that limit.

Note that termination is irreversible and processed asynchronously. You can check the task status using the deferred tasks endpoint.

FAQ

Need help?

Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

Yes, refunds can be applied even after the card is locked, ensuring reconciliation remains seamless.

Ramp offers dedicated support, including access to a sandbox environment, technical documentation, and a partnerships team to guide you through implementation.

Subscribe to the transactions.cleared webhook event. This event fires not only when a transaction settles, but also when refunds or reversals are processed on the card. When the webhook fires, fetch the transaction details via the API to check the amount field—a negative amount indicates a refund or reversal. See our Webhooks Guide for setup instructions.

---

title: Embedded Cards
source_url: /developer-api/v1/virtual-cards-embedded
text_url: /llms-guides/virtual-cards-embedded.txt
summary: Ramp Embedded Cards allow you to securely display card numbers and CVV codes to users via an iframe. If you want to programmatically create cards for a virtual card issuing flow where partners can easily create virtual cards to pay travel, maintenance, and other third-party vendors on their own platforms, see our Virtual Cards guide.

content:
Ramp Embedded Cards allow you to securely display card numbers and CVV codes to users via an iframe. If you want to programmatically create cards for a virtual card issuing flow where partners can easily create virtual cards to pay travel, maintenance, and other third-party vendors on their own platforms, see our Virtual Cards guide.

This guide walks you through embedding Ramp card details in your application. Card numbers and CVV codes are securely displayed to your users via an iframe—card data flows directly from Ramp to your user's browser without touching your servers.

Prerequisites: This guide assumes you have already created a fund and have the card_id of a card you want to display to your end users, and that you have a domain where your application is hosted (parent_origin). For information on creating funds and issuing cards, see our Cards and Funds guide. For more on parent_origin, see the parent_origin section below.

Security Notice

Never store tokens client-side. All tokens should be securely stored on your backend server.

Beta Feature

Embedded Cards is currently in beta. Please reach out via the support ticket submission flow to request a whitelist for your parent_origin. This is required before you can generate embed tokens for your domain.

This integration follows a four-step flow:

Create a limit → Create a limit using POST /limits. A card will be automatically created and each card has a unique card_id

Backend generates embed token → Your backend calls /developer/v1/embedded/cards/{card_id}/embed to generate a secure embed token

Frontend loads iframe → Your frontend receives the token and loads it in an iframe pointing to Ramp's embed service

User views card → The user's browser requests card details directly from Ramp—card data never touches your servers

Step 1: Enable the embedded_cards
Scope

Before you can generate embed tokens, you need to enable the embedded_cards:write scope on your application.

Enable the embedded_cards:write scope on your app in the developer dashboard.

The embedded_cards:write scope requires explicit approval for production use. Contact the developer support team with the client ID of the app you want this scope enabled for: developer-support@ramp.com

Create an API endpoint that accepts a card_id and parent_origin, then calls Ramp's API (POST /embedded/cards/{card_id}/embed) to generate an embed token.

Request body:

Response:

Step 3: Implement Frontend

Your frontend calls your backend endpoint to get the embed token, then loads the iframe.

Step 4: Testing Your Integration

Navigate to the Embedded Card Demo, paste your embed_init_token, and press Load Embed to test the integration.

The parent_origin is the domain where your application is hosted. This must exactly match the window.location.origin of the page where you'll embed the iframe.

This is a critical security parameter—Ramp validates that the embed request is being loaded from the specified origin, preventing unauthorized domains from displaying your users' card details.

Examples:

Production: "https://your-app-domain.com"

Local development: "http://localhost:3000"

The origin must match exactly—including protocol (https:// vs http://) and port number. Mismatched origins will result in the embed failing to load.

FAQ

Questions? Contact us at developer-support@ramp.com

You can retrieve card IDs via the Limits API or when creating cards through the Virtual Cards guide.

Yes, but you'll need to contact developer-support@ramp.com to enable the embedded_cards:write scope for your production application.

The embed will fail to load if the parent_origin doesn't exactly match the origin of the page loading the iframe. Make sure to include the protocol and port number.

---

title: Webhooks
source_url: /developer-api/v1/webhooks
text_url: /llms-guides/webhooks.txt
summary: Webhooks allow your application to receive real-time notifications about events that occur in your Ramp account. Instead of polling our API, webhooks push notifications to your specified endpoint whenever an event happens.

content:
Webhooks allow your application to receive real-time notifications about events that occur in your Ramp account. Instead of polling our API, webhooks push notifications to your specified endpoint whenever an event happens.

Key benefits:

Instant notification of events like transactions, approvals, or reimbursements

Reduces the need for polling APIs to check for updates

Enables automation of downstream workflows (e.g., syncing with accounting software)

Webhooks are organized by resource type. Your access token must include the appropriate scope to subscribe to events for each resource.

Applications

applications:read

applications.status_updated

Application status has changed (e.g., approved, rejected)

Transactions

transactions:read

transactions.ready_for_review

Transaction needs review or coding

transactions.cleared

Transaction has been settled (also fires for refunds and reversals)

transactions.authorized

Transaction has been authorized

transactions.ready_to_sync

Transaction is ready to sync to accounting system

Bills

bills:read

bills.created

New bill has been created

bills.approved

Bill has been approved for payment

bills.rejected

Bill has been rejected

bills.paid

Bill payment has been completed

Purchase Orders

purchase_orders:read

purchase_orders.created

New purchase order has been created

purchase_orders.updated

Purchase order has been modified

purchase_orders.archived

Purchase order has been archived

Getting Started

Set up an HTTPS endpoint (URL) on your server that can receive POST requests from Ramp. Your endpoint must:

Be publicly accessible

Use HTTPS

Return a 2xx status code for successful receipt

Process requests within 10 seconds

Create a webhook subscription using the /webhooks endpoint. You must have the appropriate scopes in your access token.

Ramp will send a POST request with a challenge to your endpoint during setup.

Receive the challenge string from Ramp

Respond by making a verification API call:

Webhook Payload Format

All webhook payloads follow this consistent structure:

Payload fields:

id: Unique event ID (constant across retries)

type: Event type from the available events table

created_at: Event timestamp in ISO 8601 format

business_id: Identifies which business the event belongs to

object: Contains the affected resource ID

Transaction Event:

Bill Event:

Purchase Order Event:

To get the full resource details, use the resource ID to fetch from the appropriate API endpoint (e.g., /transactions/{id} for transaction events, /reimbursements/{id} for reimbursement events).

Verifying Webhook Signatures

To help ensure the security of your integration, Ramp includes a cryptographic signature with every webhook event we send. This allows you to verify that the payload was sent by Ramp and hasn't been modified in transit.

While payload validation is optional, we recommend implementing it for any production environment.

Using a no-code or low-code platform?

If you're using a no-code or low-code platform (like Zapier, Make, or Pipedream), you may not have access to custom code for signature verification — and that's okay. Validation is encouraged, but not required for webhooks to work.

When you create a webhook subscription, Ramp provides a secret field in the response. You'll use this secret to verify the authenticity of all subsequent webhook events.

Every webhook request from Ramp includes an X-Ramp-Signature header, which contains an HMAC-SHA256 hash of the raw request body, signed with your webhook secret.

Sample X-Ramp-Signature from Ramp:

Delivery and Retry Logic

Webhook delivery throughput is not limited on Ramp's end. However, if your endpoint returns a 429 Too Many Requests status, Ramp has built-in mitigations to handle rate limiting gracefully.

Ramp's retry behavior depends on the HTTP status code returned by your webhook endpoint:

2xx

Delivery successful - no retries

3xx, 4xx (except 429)

Instant delivery failure - no retries

429, 5xx (including timeouts)

Retry up to 10 times with exponential backoff

Retry Timing: Failed deliveries use exponential backoff with jitter, starting between 0-60 seconds and growing exponentially with each failed attempt. Webhook requests timeout after 10 seconds.

Important: The same event id is used for all retry attempts, allowing you to implement idempotency checks.

Event Ordering: Webhooks may arrive out of order. For example:

transactions.authorized might be delayed or retried

transactions.cleared may arrive earlier if successful

Design your system to handle out-of-order events gracefully by checking the event timestamp and fetching the latest resource state when needed.

Best Practices

Implement idempotency checks using the event id to handle duplicate deliveries

Return 2xx responses within 10 seconds to avoid timeout retries

Process payloads asynchronously to respond quickly

Log raw payloads for debugging and audit trails

Handle retries gracefully - the same event may be delivered up to 10 times for 429/5xx responses

Always verify webhook signatures before processing

Use HTTPS endpoints to encrypt data in transit

Validate event types against your expected events

Implement proper error handling for malformed payloads

Monitor for failed webhook deliveries

Set up alerting for webhook endpoint downtime

Managing Webhook Subscriptions

Use the same /webhooks endpoints to manage subscriptions for multi-customer applications.

The webhook payload always includes a business_id, which can be used to identify the associated business:

Troubleshooting

Need help?

Submit a Developer API support ticket and our team will follow up.

Verify your endpoint is publicly accessible and returns 2xx status codes

Check that your webhook subscription includes the correct event types

Ensure your access token has the required scopes for the events

Confirm your endpoint responds within 10 seconds

Ramp will retry webhook deliveries with exponential backoff

Missed events during extended downtime may not be recoverable

Consider implementing a fallback polling mechanism for critical events

Delete the existing webhook subscription

Create a new subscription with the updated URL

Re-verify the new endpoint

Use tools like ngrok to expose your local server

Use webhook.site to get a temporary URL for testing webhook delivery

Test with a small subset of event types initially

Monitor webhook logs for successful delivery and processing

A developer dashboard for webhook monitoring is coming soon

For now, implement comprehensive logging in your webhook handlers

Ready to implement webhooks in your integration? Here are some related guides:

Accounting Integration: Learn how ready_to_sync webhooks can replace polling in your Accounting Integration

Getting Started: Set up authentication and make your first API calls with our Setup Guide

Bill Pay: Automate bill payment workflows with our Bill Pay Guide

If you have questions or feedback about webhooks, submit a Developer API support ticket – we're here to help make your integration successful.

## API Reference

title: List general ledger accounts
path: /developer/v1/accounting/accounts
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  classification?: 'ANY' | 'ASSET' | 'CREDCARD' | 'EQUITY' | 'EXPENSE' | 'LIABILITY' | 'REVENUE' | 'UNKNOWN'
  code?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  gl_account_category_info?: {
  id?: string
  name?: string
  ramp_id?: string
}
  id?: string
  is_active: boolean
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Upload general ledger accounts
path: /developer/v1/accounting/accounts
description: You can upload up to 500 general ledger accounts in an all-or-nothing fashion. If a general ledger accounts within a batch is malformed or violates a database constraint, the entire batch containing that account will be disregarded.
To have a successful upload, please sanitize the data and ensure the general ledger accounts that you are trying to upload do not already exist on Ramp.
If a general ledger account is already on Ramp but you want to update its attributes, please use the PATCH developer/v1/accounting/accounts/{id} endpoint instead.

request: {
  gl_accounts: {
  classification: 'ANY' | 'ASSET' | 'CREDCARD' | 'EQUITY' | 'EXPENSE' | 'LIABILITY' | 'REVENUE' | 'UNKNOWN'
  code?: string
  id: string
  name: string
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a general ledger account
path: /developer/v1/accounting/accounts/{gl_account_id}
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Fetch a general ledger account
path: /developer/v1/accounting/accounts/{gl_account_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  classification?: 'ANY' | 'ASSET' | 'CREDCARD' | 'EQUITY' | 'EXPENSE' | 'LIABILITY' | 'REVENUE' | 'UNKNOWN'
  code?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  gl_account_category_info?: {
  id?: string
  name?: string
  ramp_id?: string
}
  id?: string
  is_active: boolean
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
}


---

title: Update a general ledger account
path: /developer/v1/accounting/accounts/{gl_account_id}
description: This endpoint can be used to update the name or code of a GL account;

request: {
  code?: string
  name?: string
  reactivate?: boolean
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  classification?: 'ANY' | 'ASSET' | 'CREDCARD' | 'EQUITY' | 'EXPENSE' | 'LIABILITY' | 'REVENUE' | 'UNKNOWN'
  code?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  gl_account_category_info?: {
  id?: string
  name?: string
  ramp_id?: string
}
  id?: string
  is_active: boolean
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
}


---

title: Fetch all accounting connections for the current business
path: /developer/v1/accounting/all-connections
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  connections: {
  connection_type: 'API' | 'CSV' | 'DIRECT'
  created_at: string /* date */
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_ready_to_migrate: boolean
  last_linked_at: string /* date */
  remote_provider_name: string
  settings: {
  reimbursement_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled: boolean
  transaction_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  vendor_credits_enabled: boolean
}
  status: 'failed_to_auth' | 'linked' | 'revoked' | 'unlinked'
}[]
}


---

title: Disconnect an accounting connection
path: /developer/v1/accounting/connection
description: This endpoint only allows disconnecting API based connections.

request: none

response: none


---

title: Fetch the current active accounting connection
path: /developer/v1/accounting/connection
description: This endpoint is now deprecated. Please use the `/all-connections` endpoint instead here.

request: none

response: {
  connection_type: 'API' | 'CSV' | 'DIRECT'
  created_at: string /* date */
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_ready_to_migrate: boolean
  last_linked_at: string /* date */
  remote_provider_name: string
  settings: {
  reimbursement_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled: boolean
  transaction_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  vendor_credits_enabled: boolean
}
  status: 'failed_to_auth' | 'linked' | 'revoked' | 'unlinked'
} | {
  message?: string
}


---

title: Register a new API based accounting connection
path: /developer/v1/accounting/connection
description: A connection is required in order to use our accounting API functionality.
If a Universal CSV connection already exists, it will be upgraded to an API based connection.

request: {
  reactivate?: boolean
  remote_provider_name: string
  settings?: {
  reimbursement_sync_button_enabled?: boolean
  transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled?: boolean
  transaction_sync_button_enabled?: boolean
  vendor_credits_enabled?: boolean
}
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch an accounting connection by ID
path: /developer/v1/accounting/connection/{connection_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  connection_type: 'API' | 'CSV' | 'DIRECT'
  created_at: string /* date */
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_ready_to_migrate: boolean
  last_linked_at: string /* date */
  remote_provider_name: string
  settings: {
  reimbursement_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled: boolean
  transaction_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  vendor_credits_enabled: boolean
}
  status: 'failed_to_auth' | 'linked' | 'revoked' | 'unlinked'
}


---

title: Update an accounting connection
path: /developer/v1/accounting/connection/{connection_id}
description: This endpoint is restricted to Accounting API based connections.

request: {
  settings?: {
  reimbursement_sync_button_enabled?: boolean
  transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled?: boolean
  transaction_sync_button_enabled?: boolean
  vendor_credits_enabled?: boolean
}
}

response: {
  connection_type: 'API' | 'CSV' | 'DIRECT'
  created_at: string /* date */
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_ready_to_migrate: boolean
  last_linked_at: string /* date */
  remote_provider_name: string
  settings: {
  reimbursement_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled: boolean
  transaction_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  vendor_credits_enabled: boolean
}
  status: 'failed_to_auth' | 'linked' | 'revoked' | 'unlinked'
}


---

title: Reactivate a previously unlinked accounting connection
path: /developer/v1/accounting/connection/{connection_id}/reactivate
description: This endpoint allows reactivating a previously disconnected accounting connection
by changing its status back to linked. This preserves all previous accounting
field configurations and settings.

The business must not have any other active accounting connections.

request: none

response: {
  connection_type: 'API' | 'CSV' | 'DIRECT'
  created_at: string /* date */
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_ready_to_migrate: boolean
  last_linked_at: string /* date */
  remote_provider_name: string
  settings: {
  reimbursement_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  transaction_accounting_vendor_creation_on_sync_enabled: boolean
  transaction_sync_button_enabled: boolean
  vendor_credits_enabled: boolean
}
  status: 'failed_to_auth' | 'linked' | 'revoked' | 'unlinked'
}


---

title: List options for a given custom accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/field-options
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  code?: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name?: string
  id?: string
  is_active?: boolean
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id?: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
  value?: string
  visibility?: 'HIDDEN' | 'VISIBLE'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Upload new options
path: /developer/v1/accounting/field-options
description: You can upload up to 500 new field options for a given custom accounting field in an all-or-nothing fashion. If a field option within a batch is malformed or violates a database constraint, the entire batch containing that field option will be disregarded.
To have a successful upload, please sanitize the data and ensure the field options that you are trying to upload do not already exist on Ramp.
If a field option is already on Ramp but you want to update its attributes, please use the PATCH developer/v1/accounting/field-options/{id} endpoint instead.

request: {
  field_id: string
  options: {
  code?: string
  display_name?: string
  id: string
  value: string
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a custom accounting field option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/field-options/{field_option_id}
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Fetch a custom accounting field option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/field-options/{field_option_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  code?: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name?: string
  id?: string
  is_active?: boolean
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id?: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
  value?: string
  visibility?: 'HIDDEN' | 'VISIBLE'
}


---

title: Update a custom accounting field option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/field-options/{field_option_id}
description: No description

request: {
  code?: string
  display_name?: string
  reactivate?: boolean
  value?: string
  visibility?: 'HIDDEN' | 'VISIBLE'
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  code?: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name?: string
  id?: string
  is_active?: boolean
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id?: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
  value?: string
  visibility?: 'HIDDEN' | 'VISIBLE'
}


---

title: Update a custom accounting field option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/field-options/{field_option_id}
description: No description

request: {
  code?: string
  display_name?: string
  reactivate?: boolean
  value?: string
  visibility?: 'HIDDEN' | 'VISIBLE'
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  code?: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name?: string
  id?: string
  is_active?: boolean
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id?: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
  value?: string
  visibility?: 'HIDDEN' | 'VISIBLE'
}


---

title: List custom accounting fields
path: /developer/v1/accounting/fields
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  id?: string
  input_type: 'BOOLEAN' | 'DATE' | 'FREE_FORM_TEXT' | 'SINGLE_CHOICE'
  is_active?: boolean
  is_required_for: 'BILL' | 'BILL_PAYMENT' | 'INVOICE' | 'PURCHASE_ORDER' | 'REIMBURSEMENT' | 'TRANSACTION' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'[]
  is_splittable?: boolean
  name?: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id?: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a new custom accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/fields
description: If a custom field with the same id already exists on Ramp, then that existing one will be returned instead of creating a new one; If the existing custom field is inactive, it will be reactivated.
If you want to update the existing custom field, please use the PATCH developer/v1/accounting/fields/{id} endpoint instead.

request: {
  display_name?: string
  id: string
  input_type: 'BOOLEAN' | 'FREE_FORM_TEXT' | 'SINGLE_CHOICE'
  is_required_for?: 'BILL' | 'BILL_PAYMENT' | 'INVOICE' | 'PURCHASE_ORDER' | 'REIMBURSEMENT' | 'TRANSACTION' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'[]
  is_splittable?: boolean
  name: string
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a custom accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/fields/{field_id}
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Fetch a custom accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/fields/{field_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  id?: string
  input_type: 'BOOLEAN' | 'DATE' | 'FREE_FORM_TEXT' | 'SINGLE_CHOICE'
  is_active?: boolean
  is_required_for: 'BILL' | 'BILL_PAYMENT' | 'INVOICE' | 'PURCHASE_ORDER' | 'REIMBURSEMENT' | 'TRANSACTION' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'[]
  is_splittable?: boolean
  name?: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id?: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
}


---

title: Update a custom accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/fields/{field_id}
description: No description

request: {
  display_name?: string
  is_splittable?: boolean
  name?: string
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  id?: string
  input_type: 'BOOLEAN' | 'DATE' | 'FREE_FORM_TEXT' | 'SINGLE_CHOICE'
  is_active?: boolean
  is_required_for: 'BILL' | 'BILL_PAYMENT' | 'INVOICE' | 'PURCHASE_ORDER' | 'REIMBURSEMENT' | 'TRANSACTION' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'[]
  is_splittable?: boolean
  name?: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id?: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
}


---

title: Delete inventory item accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Fetch inventory item accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item
description: Returns the inventory item accounting field for the current accounting connection.

request: none

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
}


---

title: Update inventory item accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item
description: No description

request: {
  display_name?: string
  name?: string
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
}


---

title: Create a new inventory item accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item
description: There can only be one active inventory item accounting field per accounting connection.

request: {
  display_name?: string
  name: string
}

response: none


---

title: List inventory item options
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item/options
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Upload inventory item options
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item/options
description: There must be an active inventory item accounting field for the accounting connection.

request: {
  options: {
  id: string
  name: string
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete an inventory item option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item/options/{option_id}
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Update an inventory item option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/inventory-item/options/{option_id}
description: No description

request: {
  name?: string
  reactivate?: boolean
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
}


---

title: Post ready to sync status
path: /developer/v1/accounting/ready-to-sync
description: This endpoint allows customers to mark a list of objects as ready to sync by their object IDs.

request: {
  object_ids: string[]
  object_type: 'TRANSACTION'
}

response: none


---

title: Post sync status
path: /developer/v1/accounting/syncs
description: This endpoint allows customers to notify Ramp of a list of sync results.
An idempotency key is required to ensure that subsequent requests are properly handled.

request: {
  failed_syncs?: {
  error: {
  message: string
}
  id: string
}[]
  idempotency_key: string
  successful_syncs?: {
  deep_link_url?: string
  id: string
  reference_id: string
}[]
  sync_type: 'BILL_PAYMENT_SYNC' | 'BILL_SYNC' | 'BROKERAGE_ORDER_SYNC' | 'REIMBURSEMENT_SYNC' | 'STATEMENT_CREDIT_SYNC' | 'TRANSACTION_SYNC' | 'TRANSFER_SYNC' | 'WALLET_TRANSFER_SYNC'
}

response: none


---

title: Delete tax code accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Fetch tax code accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code
description: Returns the tax code accounting field for the current accounting connection.

request: none

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
}


---

title: Update tax code accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code
description: No description

request: {
  display_name?: string
  name?: string
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
}


---

title: Create a new tax code accounting field
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code
description: There can only be one active tax code accounting field per accounting connection.

request: {
  display_name?: string
  name: string
}

response: none


---

title: List tax code options
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code/options
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
  tax_rate_ids: string[]
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Upload tax code options
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code/options
description: There must be an active tax code accounting field for the accounting connection.

request: {
  options: {
  id: string
  name: string
  tax_rate_ids?: string[]
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a tax code option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code/options/{option_id}
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Update a tax code option
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/code/options/{option_id}
description: No description

request: {
  name?: string
  tax_rate_ids?: string[]
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
  tax_rate_ids: string[]
}


---

title: List tax rates
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/rates
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  accounting_gl_account_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
  rate: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Upload tax rates
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/rates
description: You can upload up to 500 tax rates in an all-or-nothing fashion. If a tax rate within a batch is malformed or violates a database constraint, the entire batch will be disregarded.
To have a successful upload, please sanitize the data and ensure the tax rates that you are trying to upload do not already exist on Ramp.

request: {
  tax_rates: {
  accounting_gl_account_id?: string
  id: string
  name: string
  rate: string | number
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a tax rate
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/rates/{tax_rate_id}
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Update a tax rate
path: /developer/v1/accounting/tax/rates/{tax_rate_id}
description: No description

request: {
  accounting_gl_account_id?: string
  name?: string
  rate?: string | number
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  accounting_gl_account_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  ramp_id: string
  rate: string
}


---

title: List vendors
path: /developer/v1/accounting/vendors
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  code?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  id?: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_synced: boolean
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id: string
  updated_at: string /* date */
  vendor_category_info?: {
  id?: string
  name?: string
  ramp_id?: string
}
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Upload vendors
path: /developer/v1/accounting/vendors
description: You can upload up to 500 vendors in an all-or-nothing fashion. If a vendors within a batch is malformed or violates a database constraint, the entire batch containing that vendors will be disregarded.
To have a successful upload, please sanitize the data and ensure the vendors that you are trying to upload do not already exist on Ramp.
If a vendors is already on Ramp but you want to update its attributes, please use the PATCH developer/v1/accounting/vendors/{id} endpoint instead.

request: {
  vendors: {
  code?: string
  id: string
  name: string
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a vendor
path: /developer/v1/accounting/vendors/{vendor_id}
description: No description

request: Record<string, unknown>

response: none


---

title: Fetch a vendor
path: /developer/v1/accounting/vendors/{vendor_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  code?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  id?: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_synced: boolean
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id: string
  updated_at: string /* date */
  vendor_category_info?: {
  id?: string
  name?: string
  ramp_id?: string
}
}


---

title: Update a vendor
path: /developer/v1/accounting/vendors/{vendor_id}
description: No description

request: {
  code?: string
  name?: string
  reactivate?: boolean
}

response: {
  accounting_connection_id: string
  code?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  id?: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_synced: boolean
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  ramp_id: string
  updated_at: string /* date */
  vendor_category_info?: {
  id?: string
  name?: string
  ramp_id?: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a financing application
path: /developer/v1/applications
description: Since each business can only have one active financing application, this endpoint will only ever return a single
application.

request: none

response: {
  applicant: {
  email: string
  first_name: string
  last_name: string
  phone?: string
}
  beneficial_owners: {
  address?: {
  apt_suite?: string
  city?: string
  country?: string
  postal_code?: string
  state?: string
  street_address?: string
}
  birth_date?: string
  email?: string
  first_name?: string
  last_name?: string
  passport_last_4?: string
  phone?: string
  ssn_last_4?: string
  title?: string
}[]
  business: {
  address?: {
  apt_suite?: string
  city?: string
  postal_code?: string
  state?: string
  street_address?: string
}
  business_description?: string
  business_name_dba?: string
  business_name_legal?: string
  business_name_on_card?: string
  business_website?: string
  incorporation?: {
  date_of_incorporation?: string /* date */
  ein_number?: string
  entity_type?: 'COOPERATIVE' | 'CORPORATION' | 'LLC' | 'NON_PROFIT_CORPORATION' | 'OTHER' | 'PARTNERSHIP' | 'SOLE_PROPRIETORSHIP'
  state_of_incorporation?: string
}
  phone?: string
}
  controlling_officer: {
  address?: {
  apt_suite?: string
  city?: string
  country?: string
  postal_code?: string
  state?: string
  street_address?: string
}
  birth_date?: string
  email?: string
  first_name?: string
  is_beneficial_owner?: boolean
  last_name?: string
  passport_last_4?: string
  phone?: string
  ssn_last_4?: string
  title?: string
}
  financial_details: {
  estimated_monthly_ap_spend_amount?: number
  estimated_monthly_spend_amount?: number
}
  id: string
  status: 'APPROVED' | 'FOLLOW_UPS_REQUIRED' | 'IN_REVIEW' | 'REJECTED' | 'STARTED' | 'WITHDRAWN'
}


---

title: Create a financing application
path: /developer/v1/applications
description: This endpoint will create a new business for the applicant and email them with instructions to sign up and
continue the application. If the applicant email already exists in Ramp, an invitation email will be re-sent if
the business is still in the application stage. If the business is already approved, this operation will be a
no-op. Note this endpoint returns success regardless of whether the email exists in Ramp.

request: {
  applicant: {
  email: string
  first_name: string
  last_name: string
  phone?: string
}
  beneficial_owners?: {
  address?: {
  apt_suite?: string
  city?: string
  country?: string
  postal_code?: string
  state?: string
  street_address?: string
}
  birth_date?: string
  email?: string
  first_name?: string
  last_name?: string
  passport_last_4?: string
  phone?: string
  ssn_last_4?: string
  title?: string
}[]
  business?: {
  address?: {
  apt_suite?: string
  city?: string
  postal_code?: string
  state?: string
  street_address?: string
}
  business_description?: string
  business_name_dba?: string
  business_name_legal?: string
  business_name_on_card?: string
  business_website?: string
  incorporation?: {
  date_of_incorporation?: string /* date */
  ein_number?: string
  entity_type?: 'COOPERATIVE' | 'CORPORATION' | 'LLC' | 'NON_PROFIT_CORPORATION' | 'OTHER' | 'PARTNERSHIP' | 'SOLE_PROPRIETORSHIP'
  state_of_incorporation?: string
}
  phone?: string
}
  controlling_officer?: {
  address?: {
  apt_suite?: string
  city?: string
  country?: string
  postal_code?: string
  state?: string
  street_address?: string
}
  birth_date?: string
  email?: string
  first_name?: string
  is_beneficial_owner?: boolean
  last_name?: string
  passport_last_4?: string
  phone?: string
  ssn_last_4?: string
  title?: string
}
  financial_details?: {
  estimated_monthly_ap_spend_amount?: number
  estimated_monthly_spend_amount?: number
}
  oauth_authorize_params?: {
  redirect_uri: string
  state: string
}
}

response: none


---

title: Get audit log events
path: /developer/v1/audit-logs/events
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  actor_details: {
  actor_type: 'policy_agent' | 'ramp' | 'user'
} | {
  actor_type: 'policy_agent' | 'ramp' | 'user'
} | {
  actor_type: 'policy_agent' | 'ramp' | 'user'
  id: string
} | Record<string, unknown>
  actor_id: string
  actor_type: 'policy_agent' | 'ramp' | 'user'
  additional_details: string
  event_details: {
  references: {
  label: string
  resource_name: 'Approvals' | 'Bill payment' | 'Bill template' | 'Card' | 'Fund request' | 'Reimbursement' | 'SFTP Configurations' | 'Separation of duties' | 'Spend allocation' | 'Spend event' | 'Transaction' | 'Travel (Booking request)' | 'Travel (Trip)' | 'User' | 'Vendor / Merchant' | 'Workflow (Base)' | 'Workflow'
  url: string
}[]
}
  event_time: string /* date */
  event_type: 'ABK agent blocked on user' | 'ABK agent review requested' | 'ABK agent started' | 'AI custom field config executed' | 'Accounting ai auto mark ready' | 'Activated card' | 'Added bill field' | 'Added card acceptance policy' | 'Added procurement field' | 'Added user to funds' | 'Added vendor field' | 'Admin changed email' | 'Admin changed phone' | 'Agent access request resolved' | 'Agent access requested' | 'Agent created' | 'Agent current version changed' | 'Agent permissions updated' | 'Agent version created' | 'Agent version published' | 'Approval chain updated' | 'Approval step added' | 'Approval step approved' | 'Approval step rejected' | 'Approval step skipped' | 'Approval step terminated' | 'Approved by manager' | 'Approved card edit request with modifications' | 'Approved card edit request' | 'Approved funds edit request with modifications' | 'Approved funds edit request' | 'Approved new card request with modifications' | 'Approved new card request' | 'Approved procurement change request' | 'Approved request for new funds with modifications' | 'Approved request for new funds' | 'Attendee split' | 'Bank account updated' | 'Bill linked to PO' | 'Bill linked' | 'Bill pay accepted sync for bank account from vendor network' | 'Bill pay accepted sync for vendor card acceptance policy from vendor network' | 'Bill pay accepted sync for vendor check mailing address from vendor network' | 'Bill pay accepted sync for vendor information from vendor network' | 'Bill pay accepted sync for vendor tax info from vendor network' | 'Bill pay accounting manual user action' | 'Bill pay accounting sync triggered' | 'Bill pay approval policy updated' | 'Bill pay automatic card payment no longer eligible' | 'Bill pay automatic card payment' | 'Bill pay bank account updated' | 'Bill pay batch payment initiated' | 'Bill pay business vendor unlinked from vendor network' | 'Bill pay card delivery' | 'Bill pay check address update' | 'Bill pay check tracking update' | 'Bill pay deleted bill' | 'Bill pay delivered payment' | 'Bill pay dismissed fraud alert' | 'Bill pay edited payee address' | 'Bill pay edited payment method' | 'Bill pay initiated payment refund' | 'Bill pay mailed check payment' | 'Bill pay marked as paid' | 'Bill pay matched transaction to bill' | 'Bill pay payment failed' | 'Bill pay payment posted' | 'Bill pay recurrence info changed for recurring series' | 'Bill pay rejected sync for bank account from vendor network' | 'Bill pay rejected sync for vendor card acceptance policy from vendor network' | 'Bill pay rejected sync for vendor check mailing address from vendor network' | 'Bill pay rejected sync for vendor information from vendor network' | 'Bill pay rejected sync for vendor tax info from vendor network' | 'Bill pay retried payment' | 'Bill pay returned funds' | 'Bill unlinked from PO' | 'Bill unlinked' | 'Billing config updated' | 'Blank canvas workflow execution updated' | 'Blank canvas workflow pause status updated' | 'Booking request approval policy updated' | 'Brokerage order updated' | 'Cancel revision request' | 'Cancelled by customer' | 'Cancelled by ramp' | 'Card delivered' | 'Card payment initiated' | 'Cash agent recommendation updated' | 'Changed bank account on bill' | 'Changed card holder' | 'Changed funds user' | 'Combined contracts with this contract' | 'Communication sent' | 'Complete revision' | 'Created accounting split line item' | 'Created card' | 'Created fund from purchase order' | 'Created merchant error' | 'Created unrecognized charge' | 'Created' | 'Deleted bill field' | 'Deleted card acceptance policy' | 'Deleted procurement field' | 'Deleted vendor field' | 'Deleted' | 'Demoted co-owner to member' | 'Detached funds from spend program' | 'Document labeled' | 'Document updated' | 'Docusign envelope updated' | 'Draft vendor created' | 'Draft vendor deleted' | 'Draft vendor published' | 'Edited bill field' | 'Edited card acceptance policy' | 'Edited contract tracking setting' | 'Edited procurement field' | 'Edited spend intent' | 'Edited tin' | 'Edited vendor field' | 'Edited wallet automation' | 'Email updated' | 'Emailed purchase order' | 'Exception given from dispute resolution' | 'Exception given from repayment' | 'Exception request approved' | 'Exception request cancelled' | 'Exception request denied' | 'Exception requested' | 'External ticket created asana' | 'External ticket created jira' | 'External ticket created linear' | 'External ticket created zendesk' | 'Funds activated from reissued virtual card' | 'Generated renewal brief for contract' | 'Ironclad workflow updated' | 'Issued funds' | 'Linked funds to spend program' | 'Locked access to funds' | 'Locked card' | 'Managed portfolio transfer updated' | 'Manager updated' | 'Mark as accidental' | 'Matched purchase order to transaction' | 'Matched transaction to purchase order' | 'Memo updated' | 'Merged vendors' | 'Name updated hris' | 'Name updated' | 'New virtual card issued for currency migration' | 'Notification sent due to purchase order request modification' | 'Password reset required' | 'Password reset user' | 'Password updated user' | 'Payback cancelled' | 'Payback payment failed' | 'Payback payment manually paid' | 'Payback payment retried' | 'Payback payment succeeded' | 'Payback request approved by user' | 'Payback request cancelled by manager' | 'Payback request rejected by user' | 'Payback requested by manager' | 'Payback triggered by user' | 'Payee linked to accounting' | 'Payment run updated' | 'Payment updated' | 'Phone updated' | 'Policy agent suggestion feedback submitted' | 'Post spend approval policy updated' | 'Procurement  unmatched purchase order from transaction' | 'Procurement  unmatched transaction from purchase order' | 'Procurement agent run completed' | 'Procurement change request approval policy updated' | 'Procurement send global form' | 'Procurement submit global form response' | 'Procurement vendor onboarding submitted' | 'Procurement vendor onboarding triggered' | 'Promoted member to co-owner' | 'Purchase order accounting sync created vendor' | 'Purchase order accounting sync failed' | 'Purchase order accounting sync success' | 'RFX clarification answered' | 'RFX clarification question submitted' | 'RFX closed' | 'RFX created' | 'RFX graded' | 'RFX published' | 'RFX response redacted' | 'RFX response submitted' | 'RFX vendor accepted' | 'RFX vendor added' | 'RFX vendor declined' | 'RFX vendor removed' | 'Receipt created' | 'Receipt deleted' | 'Receipt matched' | 'Refund cleared' | 'Refund paid' | 'Reimbursement bank account updated' | 'Reimbursement from user' | 'Reimbursement policy agent suggestion feedback submitted' | 'Reimbursement submitted' | 'Reimbursement to user' | 'Reimbursements disabled' | 'Reimbursements enabled' | 'Reissued card' | 'Rejected card edit request' | 'Rejected funds edit request' | 'Rejected new card request' | 'Rejected procurement change request' | 'Rejected request for new funds' | 'Reminded to approve items' | 'Reminded to upload missing items' | 'Removed user from funds' | 'Request revision' | 'Requested an edit to these funds' | 'Requested new card' | 'Requested new funds' | 'Resolved by ramp' | 'Review needed' | 'Reviewed by ramp' | 'Role updated' | 'SFTP Authentication Failed' | 'SFTP Authentication IP and Username Matched' | 'SFTP Configuration Changed' | 'Separation of duties disabled' | 'Separation of duties enabled' | 'Set member limit on shared fund' | 'Sourcing event created' | 'Sourcing event status changed' | 'Spend allocation change request approval policy updated' | 'Spend approved' | 'Spend rejected' | 'Spend request approval policy updated' | 'Status updated' | 'Submitted procurement change request' | 'Temporarily unlocked access to funds' | 'Terminated card' | 'Terminated funds' | 'Test' | 'Third party risk management vendor review updated' | 'This contract was combined with another contract' | 'Ticket assignee updated' | 'Ticket status updated' | 'Totp authenticator created' | 'Totp authenticator deleted' | 'Totp authenticator updated' | 'Transaction approval policy updated' | 'Transaction cleared' | 'Transaction entity changed' | 'Transaction missing item reminder event' | 'Transaction paid' | 'Transaction receipt updated' | 'Transaction submission policy exemption event' | 'Transferred ownership of funds' | 'Travel policy selection updated' | 'Undid marking transaction as accidental' | 'Unlocked access to funds' | 'Unlocked card temporarily' | 'Unlocked card' | 'Unmark as accidental' | 'Updated card program' | 'Updated card' | 'Updated funds' | 'Updated spend program' | 'User accepted invite' | 'User assigned by external firm' | 'User assigned through external firm merge' | 'User created' | 'User deactivated' | 'User deleted' | 'User invited' | 'User locked' | 'User login' | 'User previewed' | 'User reactivated' | 'User undeleted' | 'User unlocked' | 'Vendor Network updates enabled' | 'Vendor awarded' | 'Vendor credit action' | 'Vendor imported from erp' | 'Vendor management  vendor added to managed list' | 'Vendor management  vendor removed from managed list' | 'Vendor management agreement deleted document' | 'Vendor management agreement deleted' | 'Vendor management agreement linked document' | 'Vendor management agreement linked purchase order' | 'Vendor management agreement notification type switched' | 'Vendor management agreement status changed' | 'Vendor management agreement unlinked document' | 'Vendor management agreement unlinked purchase order' | 'Vendor management agreement uploaded document' | 'Vendor management edited agreement field' | 'Vendor management expansion request status changed' | 'Vendor payment approval policy updated' | 'Vendor profile access created' | 'Vendor profile access denied' | 'Vendor profile access edited' | 'Vendor profile access email sent' | 'Vendor profile access requested' | 'Vendor profile access revoked' | 'Vendor profile all documents downloaded' | 'Vendor profile document downloaded' | 'Vendor sync failure' | 'Viewed sensitive card details' | 'Violation from manager' | 'Violation from rule' | 'Violation from user' | 'Virtual card reissued' | 'Workflow restarted due to purchase order request modification'
  id: string
  primary_reference: {
  id: string
  label: string
  resource_name: 'Approvals' | 'Bill payment' | 'Bill template' | 'Card' | 'Fund request' | 'Reimbursement' | 'SFTP Configurations' | 'Separation of duties' | 'Spend allocation' | 'Spend event' | 'Transaction' | 'Travel (Booking request)' | 'Travel (Trip)' | 'User' | 'Vendor / Merchant' | 'Workflow (Base)' | 'Workflow'
  url: string
}
  user_details: {
  actor_type: 'policy_agent' | 'ramp' | 'user'
  id: string
}
}[][]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: List bank accounts
path: /developer/v1/bank-accounts
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  account_number_last_four: string
  financial_institution_name: string
  id: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Get bank account details
path: /developer/v1/bank-accounts/{bank_account_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  account_number_last_four: string
  financial_institution_name: string
  id: string
}


---

title: List bills
path: /developer/v1/bills
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  applied_vendor_credits: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  id: string
}[]
  approval_status: 'APPROVED' | 'INITIALIZED' | 'PENDING' | 'REJECTED' | 'TERMINATED'
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_owner: {
  first_name?: string
  id: string
  last_name?: string
}
  created_at: string /* date */
  deep_link_url?: string
  draft_bill_created_at: string /* date */
  draft_bill_id: string
  due_at: string /* date */
  enable_accounting_sync?: boolean
  entity_id: string
  fx_conversion_rate: string
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  item_receipt_line_item_ids: string[]
  memo?: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
  quantity: number
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  invoice_number?: string
  invoice_urls: string[]
  issued_at: string /* date */
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  item_receipt_line_item_ids: string[]
  memo?: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  paid_at?: string /* date */
  payment: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  customer_friendly_payment_id: string
  details: ApiCardPaymentDetailsResource | ApiManualPaymentDetailsResource | ApiVendorPaymentDetailsResource
  effective_date: string /* date */
  id: string
  payment_date: string /* date */
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
  trace_id: {
  descriptor?: string
  trace_id?: string
}
}
  posting_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_id?: string
  remote_id?: string
  status: 'OPEN' | 'PAID'
  status_summary: 'APPROVAL_PENDING' | 'APPROVAL_REJECTED' | 'ARCHIVED' | 'AWAITING_RELEASE' | 'BLOCKED' | 'HELD_BY_PROVIDER' | 'ON_HOLD' | 'PAYMENT_COMPLETED' | 'PAYMENT_DETAILS_MISSING' | 'PAYMENT_ERROR' | 'PAYMENT_NOT_INSTRUCTED' | 'PAYMENT_PROCESSING' | 'PAYMENT_READY' | 'PAYMENT_SCHEDULED' | 'PENDING_VENDOR_APPROVAL' | 'WAITING_FOR_TRANSACTION_MATCH' | 'WAITING_FOR_VENDOR'
  sync_status: 'BILL_AND_PAYMENT_SYNCED' | 'BILL_SYNCED' | 'NOT_SYNCED'
  vendor: {
  id: string
  name: string
  remote_code?: string
  remote_id?: string
  remote_name?: string
  type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}
  vendor_contact_id: string
  vendor_memo?: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a bill
path: /developer/v1/bills
description: Batch payments cannot be created in the API.

request: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  attachment_id?: string
  due_at: string /* date */
  enable_accounting_sync?: boolean
  entity_id: string
  inventory_line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  quantity: string | number
  unit_price: string | number
}[]
  invoice_currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  invoice_number: string
  issued_at: string /* date */
  line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  amount: string | number
  memo?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  payment_details?: {
  is_same_day?: boolean
  payment_arrival_date: string /* date */
  source_bank_account_id: string
  vendor_account_id: string
} | {
  is_same_day?: boolean
  payment_arrival_date: string /* date */
  source_bank_account_id: string
} | {
  spend_limit_id: string
  transaction_id?: string
} | {
  manual_payment_method: 'CASH' | 'CHECK' | 'CROSS_BORDER_PAYMENT' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DIRECT_DEBIT' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE_TRANSFER' | 'NON_RAMP_CREDIT_CARD' | 'OTHER' | 'PAID_IN_ERP'
  payment_date: string /* date */
}
  payment_method?: 'ACH' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'SWIFT'
  posting_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_ids?: string[]
  remote_id?: string
  use_default_payment_method?: boolean
  use_default_vendor_contact?: boolean
  vendor_contact_id?: string
  vendor_id: string
  vendor_memo?: string
}

response: none


---

title: List draft bills
path: /developer/v1/bills/drafts
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_owner: {
  first_name?: string
  id: string
  last_name?: string
}
  created_at: string /* date */
  due_at: string /* date */
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
  quantity: number
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  invoice_number: string
  invoice_urls: string[]
  issued_at: string /* date */
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
}[]
  memo: string
  posting_date: string /* date */
  remote_id: string
  status: none
  sync_status: none
  vendor: {
  id: string
  name: string
  remote_code?: string
  remote_id?: string
  remote_name?: string
  type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}
  vendor_memo: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a draft bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/drafts
description: No description

request: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  due_at?: string /* date */
  enable_accounting_sync?: boolean
  entity_id?: string
  inventory_line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  quantity: string | number
  unit_price: string | number
}[]
  invoice_currency?: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  invoice_number?: string
  issued_at?: string /* date */
  line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  amount: string | number
  memo?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  payment_method?: 'ACH' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'SWIFT'
  posting_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_ids?: string[]
  remote_id?: string
  use_default_payment_method?: boolean
  vendor_contact_id?: string
  vendor_id: string
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a draft bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/drafts/{draft_bill_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_owner: {
  first_name?: string
  id: string
  last_name?: string
}
  created_at: string /* date */
  due_at: string /* date */
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
  quantity: number
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  invoice_number: string
  invoice_urls: string[]
  issued_at: string /* date */
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
}[]
  memo: string
  posting_date: string /* date */
  remote_id: string
  status: none
  sync_status: none
  vendor: {
  id: string
  name: string
  remote_code?: string
  remote_id?: string
  remote_name?: string
  type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}
  vendor_memo: string
}


---

title: Update a draft bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/drafts/{draft_bill_id}
description: No description

request: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  due_at?: string /* date */
  enable_accounting_sync?: boolean
  entity_id?: string
  inventory_line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  quantity: string | number
  unit_price: string | number
}[]
  invoice_currency?: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  invoice_number?: string
  issued_at?: string /* date */
  line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  amount: string | number
  memo?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  payment_method?: 'ACH' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'SWIFT'
  posting_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_ids?: string[]
  remote_id?: string
  use_default_payment_method?: boolean
  vendor_contact_id?: string
  vendor_id?: string
}

response: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_owner: {
  first_name?: string
  id: string
  last_name?: string
}
  created_at: string /* date */
  due_at: string /* date */
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
  quantity: number
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  invoice_number: string
  invoice_urls: string[]
  issued_at: string /* date */
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
}[]
  memo: string
  posting_date: string /* date */
  remote_id: string
  status: none
  sync_status: none
  vendor: {
  id: string
  name: string
  remote_code?: string
  remote_id?: string
  remote_name?: string
  type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}
  vendor_memo: string
}


---

title: Upload a file attachment to an existing draft bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/drafts/{draft_bill_id}/attachments
description: Upload a file as an attachment to a draft bill. INVOICE type attachments cannot be uploaded if one
already exists on the draft bill.

This endpoint accepts the [multipart/form-data](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST) format.

Include the file as a part named 'file' with `Content-Disposition: attachment`.
Include the attachment_type as a form field.

request: none

response: none


---

title: Archive a bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/{bill_id}
description: This is a destructive action. Associated inflight payments will be cancelled
if possible or any attached one-time-card will be terminated. Paid bills and
bills belonging to a batch payment cannot be deleted.

request: none

response: none


---

title: Fetch a bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/{bill_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  applied_vendor_credits: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  id: string
}[]
  approval_status: 'APPROVED' | 'INITIALIZED' | 'PENDING' | 'REJECTED' | 'TERMINATED'
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_owner: {
  first_name?: string
  id: string
  last_name?: string
}
  created_at: string /* date */
  deep_link_url?: string
  draft_bill_created_at: string /* date */
  draft_bill_id: string
  due_at: string /* date */
  enable_accounting_sync?: boolean
  entity_id: string
  fx_conversion_rate: string
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  item_receipt_line_item_ids: string[]
  memo?: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
  quantity: number
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  invoice_number?: string
  invoice_urls: string[]
  issued_at: string /* date */
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  item_receipt_line_item_ids: string[]
  memo?: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  paid_at?: string /* date */
  payment: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  customer_friendly_payment_id: string
  details: {
  spend_limit_id?: string
  transaction_ids?: string[]
} | {
  manual_payment_method: 'CASH' | 'CHECK' | 'CROSS_BORDER_PAYMENT' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DIRECT_DEBIT' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE_TRANSFER' | 'NON_RAMP_CREDIT_CARD' | 'OTHER' | 'PAID_IN_ERP'
} | {
  approval_status: 'APPROVED' | 'INITIALIZED' | 'PENDING' | 'REJECTED' | 'TERMINATED'
  is_same_day: boolean
  source_bank_account_id: string
  vendor_account_id: string
}
  effective_date: string /* date */
  id: string
  payment_date: string /* date */
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
  trace_id: {
  descriptor?: string
  trace_id?: string
}
}
  posting_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_id?: string
  remote_id?: string
  status: 'OPEN' | 'PAID'
  status_summary: 'APPROVAL_PENDING' | 'APPROVAL_REJECTED' | 'ARCHIVED' | 'AWAITING_RELEASE' | 'BLOCKED' | 'HELD_BY_PROVIDER' | 'ON_HOLD' | 'PAYMENT_COMPLETED' | 'PAYMENT_DETAILS_MISSING' | 'PAYMENT_ERROR' | 'PAYMENT_NOT_INSTRUCTED' | 'PAYMENT_PROCESSING' | 'PAYMENT_READY' | 'PAYMENT_SCHEDULED' | 'PENDING_VENDOR_APPROVAL' | 'WAITING_FOR_TRANSACTION_MATCH' | 'WAITING_FOR_VENDOR'
  sync_status: 'BILL_AND_PAYMENT_SYNCED' | 'BILL_SYNCED' | 'NOT_SYNCED'
  vendor: {
  id: string
  name: string
  remote_code?: string
  remote_id?: string
  remote_name?: string
  type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}
  vendor_contact_id: string
  vendor_memo?: string
}


---

title: Update a bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/{bill_id}
description: Only approved bills can be updated.

request: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  due_at?: string /* date */
  entity_id?: string
  inventory_line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  quantity: string | number
  unit_price: string | number
}[]
  invoice_number?: string
  issued_at?: string /* date */
  line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  amount: string | number
  memo?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  payment_method?: 'ACH' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'SWIFT'
  posting_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_ids?: string[]
  remote_id?: string
  vendor_contact_id?: string
  vendor_id?: string
  vendor_memo?: string
}

response: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  applied_vendor_credits: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  id: string
}[]
  approval_status: 'APPROVED' | 'INITIALIZED' | 'PENDING' | 'REJECTED' | 'TERMINATED'
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_owner: {
  first_name?: string
  id: string
  last_name?: string
}
  created_at: string /* date */
  deep_link_url?: string
  draft_bill_created_at: string /* date */
  draft_bill_id: string
  due_at: string /* date */
  enable_accounting_sync?: boolean
  entity_id: string
  fx_conversion_rate: string
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  item_receipt_line_item_ids: string[]
  memo?: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
  quantity: number
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  invoice_number?: string
  invoice_urls: string[]
  issued_at: string /* date */
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  item_receipt_line_item_ids: string[]
  memo?: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  paid_at?: string /* date */
  payment: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  customer_friendly_payment_id: string
  details: {
  spend_limit_id?: string
  transaction_ids?: string[]
} | {
  manual_payment_method: 'CASH' | 'CHECK' | 'CROSS_BORDER_PAYMENT' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DIRECT_DEBIT' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE_TRANSFER' | 'NON_RAMP_CREDIT_CARD' | 'OTHER' | 'PAID_IN_ERP'
} | {
  approval_status: 'APPROVED' | 'INITIALIZED' | 'PENDING' | 'REJECTED' | 'TERMINATED'
  is_same_day: boolean
  source_bank_account_id: string
  vendor_account_id: string
}
  effective_date: string /* date */
  id: string
  payment_date: string /* date */
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
  trace_id: {
  descriptor?: string
  trace_id?: string
}
}
  posting_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_id?: string
  remote_id?: string
  status: 'OPEN' | 'PAID'
  status_summary: 'APPROVAL_PENDING' | 'APPROVAL_REJECTED' | 'ARCHIVED' | 'AWAITING_RELEASE' | 'BLOCKED' | 'HELD_BY_PROVIDER' | 'ON_HOLD' | 'PAYMENT_COMPLETED' | 'PAYMENT_DETAILS_MISSING' | 'PAYMENT_ERROR' | 'PAYMENT_NOT_INSTRUCTED' | 'PAYMENT_PROCESSING' | 'PAYMENT_READY' | 'PAYMENT_SCHEDULED' | 'PENDING_VENDOR_APPROVAL' | 'WAITING_FOR_TRANSACTION_MATCH' | 'WAITING_FOR_VENDOR'
  sync_status: 'BILL_AND_PAYMENT_SYNCED' | 'BILL_SYNCED' | 'NOT_SYNCED'
  vendor: {
  id: string
  name: string
  remote_code?: string
  remote_id?: string
  remote_name?: string
  type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}
  vendor_contact_id: string
  vendor_memo?: string
}


---

title: Upload a file attachment to an existing bill
path: /developer/v1/bills/{bill_id}/attachments
description: Upload a file as an attachment to a bill. INVOICE type attachments cannot be uploaded if one
already exists on the bill.

This endpoint accepts the [multipart/form-data](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST) format.

Include the file as a part named 'file' with `Content-Disposition: attachment`.
Include the attachment_type as a form field.

request: none

response: none


---

title: Fetch the company information
path: /developer/v1/business
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  active?: boolean
  billing_address?: Record<string, unknown>
  business_name_legal?: string
  business_name_on_card?: string
  created_time?: string /* date */
  enforce_sso?: boolean
  id?: string
  initial_approved_limit?: number
  is_integrated_with_slack?: boolean
  is_reimbursements_enabled: boolean
  limit_locked?: boolean
  phone?: string
  website?: string
}


---

title: Fetch the company balance information
path: /developer/v1/business/balance
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  available_card_limit?: number
  available_flex_limit?: number
  balance_including_pending?: number
  card_balance_excluding_pending?: number
  card_balance_including_pending?: number
  card_limit?: number
  flex_balance?: number
  flex_limit?: number
  float_balance_excluding_pending?: number
  global_limit?: number
  max_balance?: number
  next_billing_date?: string
  prev_billing_date?: string
  statement_balance?: number
}


---

title: List cards
path: /developer/v1/cards
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  card_program_id: string
  cardholder_id?: string
  cardholder_name?: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id?: string
  expiration: string
  fulfillment: {
  card_personalization?: {
  text?: {
  name_line_1?: CardPersonalizationNameLine
  name_line_2?: CardPersonalizationNameLine
}
}
  cardholder_uuid?: string
  fulfillment_status?: 'DELIVERED' | 'DIGITALLY_PRESENTED' | 'ISSUED' | 'ORDERED' | 'REJECTED' | 'SHIPPED'
  shipping?: {
  method?: string
  recipient_address?: {
  address1: string
  address2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  first_name: string
  last_name: string
  phone?: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  recipient_address_verification_state?: 'NOT_VERIFIED' | 'OVERRIDEN' | 'VERIFIED'
  return_address?: CardShippingAddress
}
  shipping_date?: string /* date */
  shipping_eta?: string /* date */
  shipping_tracking_url?: string
}
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id?: string
  is_physical?: boolean
  last_four: string
  spending_restrictions: {
  amount?: number
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories?: number[]
  categories?: number[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  suspended?: boolean
  transaction_amount_limit?: number
}
  state?: 'ACTIVE' | 'CHIP_LOCKED' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED' | 'UNACTIVATED'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a physical card
path: /developer/v1/cards/deferred/physical
description: Call this endpoint to create an async task to request for new physical card.

request: {
  display_name?: string
  entity_id?: string
  fulfillment?: {
  card_personalization?: {
  text?: {
  name_line_1?: {
  value?: string
}
  name_line_2?: {
  value?: string
}
}
}
  cardholder_uuid?: string
  shipping?: {
  method?: string
  recipient_address?: {
  address1: string
  address2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  first_name: string
  last_name: string
  phone?: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  recipient_address_verification_state?: 'NOT_VERIFIED' | 'OVERRIDEN' | 'VERIFIED'
  return_address?: {
  address1: string
  address2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  first_name: string
  last_name: string
  phone?: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
}
}
  idempotency_key: string
  is_temporary?: boolean
  spending_restrictions?: {
  amount: string | number
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  card_accounting_rules?: {
  tracking_category_id: string
  tracking_category_option_id: string
  tracking_category_option_remote_name: string
}[]
  categories?: number[]
  categories_blacklist?: number[]
  categories_whitelist?: number[]
  currency?: string
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  policy_id?: string
  transaction_amount_limit?: string | number
  vendor_blacklist?: string[]
  vendor_whitelist?: string[]
}
  user_id: string
}

response: {
  id: string
}


---

title: Fetch deferred task status
path: /developer/v1/cards/deferred/status/{task_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  context?: {
  acting_user_id?: string
  card_id?: string
}
  data?: {
  card_id?: string
  error?: string
}
  id?: string
  status?: string
}


---

title: Create a virtual card
path: /developer/v1/cards/deferred/virtual
description: Call this endpoint to create an async task to request for new virtual card.

request: {
  display_name?: string
  entity_id?: string
  idempotency_key: string
  is_temporary?: boolean
  spending_restrictions?: {
  amount: string | number
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  card_accounting_rules?: {
  tracking_category_id: string
  tracking_category_option_id: string
  tracking_category_option_remote_name: string
}[]
  categories?: number[]
  categories_blacklist?: number[]
  categories_whitelist?: number[]
  currency?: string
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  policy_id?: string
  transaction_amount_limit?: string | number
  vendor_blacklist?: string[]
  vendor_whitelist?: string[]
}
  user_id: string
}

response: {
  id: string
}


---

title: Fetch a card
path: /developer/v1/cards/{card_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  card_program_id: string
  cardholder_id?: string
  cardholder_name?: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id?: string
  expiration: string
  fulfillment: {
  card_personalization?: {
  text?: {
  name_line_1?: {
  value?: string
}
  name_line_2?: {
  value?: string
}
}
}
  cardholder_uuid?: string
  fulfillment_status?: 'DELIVERED' | 'DIGITALLY_PRESENTED' | 'ISSUED' | 'ORDERED' | 'REJECTED' | 'SHIPPED'
  shipping?: {
  method?: string
  recipient_address?: {
  address1: string
  address2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  first_name: string
  last_name: string
  phone?: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  recipient_address_verification_state?: 'NOT_VERIFIED' | 'OVERRIDEN' | 'VERIFIED'
  return_address?: {
  address1: string
  address2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  first_name: string
  last_name: string
  phone?: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
}
  shipping_date?: string /* date */
  shipping_eta?: string /* date */
  shipping_tracking_url?: string
}
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id?: string
  is_physical?: boolean
  last_four: string
  spending_restrictions: {
  amount?: number
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories?: number[]
  categories?: number[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  suspended?: boolean
  transaction_amount_limit?: number
}
  state?: 'ACTIVE' | 'CHIP_LOCKED' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED' | 'UNACTIVATED'
}


---

title: Update a card
path: /developer/v1/cards/{card_id}
description: This endpoint allow you update the owner, display name, and spend restrictions of a card.

request: {
  display_name?: string
  entity_id?: string
  has_notifications_enabled?: boolean
  new_user_id?: string
  spending_restrictions?: {
  amount?: string | number
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  categories?: number[]
  categories_blacklist?: number[]
  categories_whitelist?: number[]
  currency?: string
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  policy_id?: string
  transaction_amount_limit?: string | number
  vendor_blacklist?: string[]
  vendor_whitelist?: string[]
}
}

response: none


---

title: Suspend a card
path: /developer/v1/cards/{card_id}/deferred/suspension
description: Call this endpoint to create an async task to suspend a card so that it is locked from use. The suspension is revertable.

request: {
  idempotency_key: string
}

response: {
  id: string
}


---

title: Terminate a card
path: /developer/v1/cards/{card_id}/deferred/termination
description: Call this endpoint to create an async task to terminate a card permanently. Please note that this action is irreversible.

request: {
  idempotency_key: string
}

response: {
  id: string
}


---

title: Unlock a card
path: /developer/v1/cards/{card_id}/deferred/unsuspension
description: Call this endpoint to create an async task to remove a card's suspension so that it may be used again.

request: {
  idempotency_key: string
}

response: {
  id: string
}


---

title: List cashback payments
path: /developer/v1/cashbacks
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  created_at?: string /* date */
  entity_id?: string
  id?: string
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a cashback payment
path: /developer/v1/cashbacks/{cashback_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  created_at?: string /* date */
  entity_id?: string
  id?: string
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
}


---

title: Create Custom Table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/configure/custom-tables
description: No description

request: {
  table_label: string
  table_name: string
  type?: 'custom_table'
}

response: none


---

title: Create Custom Table column
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/configure/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/columns
description: No description

request: {
  column_type_name: 'boolean' | 'number' | 'text'
  label: string
  name: string
} | {
  column_type_name: 'custom_reference' | 'native_reference'
  label: string
  name: string
  reference_args: {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one'
  corresponding_column_label?: string
  corresponding_column_name?: string
  foreign_table: {
  table_name: string
  type?: 'custom_table'
} | {
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type?: 'native_table'
}
}
}

response: {
  column_id: string
}


---

title: Change the API name of a Custom Table's Column
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/configure/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/columns/{column_name}
description: No description

request: {
  new_name: string
}

response: none


---

title: Extend Native Ramp table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/configure/native-tables
description: No description

request: {
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type?: 'native_table'
}

response: none


---

title: Create Native Ramp table field
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/configure/native-tables/{native_table_name}/columns
description: No description

request: {
  column_type_name: 'boolean' | 'number' | 'text'
  label: string
  name: string
} | {
  column_type_name: 'custom_reference' | 'native_reference'
  label: string
  name: string
  reference_args: {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one'
  corresponding_column_label?: string
  corresponding_column_name?: string
  foreign_table: {
  table_name: string
  type?: 'custom_table'
} | {
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type?: 'native_table'
}
}
}

response: {
  column_id: string
}


---

title: Change the API name of a Native Table's Custom Record Column
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/configure/native-tables/{native_table_name}/columns/{column_name}
description: No description

request: {
  new_name: string
}

response: none


---

title: List Custom Tables
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  table_label: string
  table_name: string
  type: 'custom_table'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: List Custom Table columns
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/columns
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  allows_writes: boolean
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: {
  type: 'boolean'
} | {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one' | 'one_to_many' | 'one_to_one'
  corresponding_column_id: string
  table_display_name: string
  table_id: string
  table_name: string
  type: 'custom_reference'
} | {
  display_type: 'date'
  type: 'datetime'
} | {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one' | 'one_to_many' | 'one_to_one'
  corresponding_column_id: string
  table_id: string
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  tracking_category: {
  accounting_provider_is_connected: boolean
  display_name: string
  is_active: boolean
  uuid: string
}
  type: 'native_reference'
} | {
  display_type: 'currency' | 'number' | 'percentage'
  type: 'number'
} | {
  display_type: 'email' | 'numeric_id' | 'paragraph' | 'phone' | 'plain_text' | 'url'
  type: 'text'
}
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Delete rows from a Custom Table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/rows
description: No description

request: {
  data: {
  external_key: string
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  deleted: number
}
}


---

title: List Custom Table rows
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/rows
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  column_display_name: string
  column_id: string
  value: {
  display_name: string
  type: 'boolean'
  value: boolean
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: CustomTableRowForDisplay[]
  table_name: string
  type: 'custom_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'date'
  value: string /* date */
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: NativeTableRowForDisplay[]
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type: 'native_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'number'
  value: number
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'text'
  value: string
}
}[]
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  id: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Set values for rows of a Custom Table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/rows
description: No description

request: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  contents: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
} | string /* date */ | boolean | number | string
  name: string
}[]
  external_key: string
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  inserted: number
  updated: number
}
}


---

title: Change the external key of a Custom Table row
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{custom_table_name}/rows/{row_id}
description: No description

request: {
  new_external_key: string
}

response: none


---

title: Append cells to a Custom Table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{table_name}/rows/-/append
description: No description

request: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  contents: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
} | string /* date */ | boolean | number | string
  name: string
}[]
  external_key: string
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  inserted: number
}
}


---

title: Remove cells from a Custom Table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/custom-tables/{table_name}/rows/-/remove
description: No description

request: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  contents: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
} | string /* date */ | boolean | number | string
  name: string
}[]
  external_key: string
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  deleted: number
}
}


---

title: List all Matrix tables for the business
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  id: string
  input_columns: {
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: {
  column_type?: 'native_reference'
  native_table: DeveloperApiNativeTableReference
} | {
  column_type?: 'number'
}
}[]
  label: string
  name: string
  result_columns: {
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: {
  cardinality: PydanticCardinalityEnum
  column_type?: 'native_reference'
  native_table: DeveloperApiResultNativeTableReference
}
}[]
}[]
}


---

title: Create a Matrix table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables
description: Matrix tables are special-purpose lookup tables where unique combinations
of input values map to result values.

request: {
  input_columns: {
  column_type: {
  accounting_field_ramp_id?: string
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'business_entities' | 'departments' | 'locations' | 'users'
  type?: 'native_table'
} | {
  type?: 'number'
}
  label: string
  name?: string
}[]
  label: string
  name?: string
  result_columns: {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one'
  label: string
  name?: string
  native_table: {
  accounting_field_ramp_id?: string
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'users'
  type?: 'native_table'
}
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Add a result column to an existing Matrix table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/columns
description: Allows adding result columns to already-created matrix tables
without modifying the input columns. Only result columns
(users and accounting_field_options) can be added.
Input columns cannot be added after table creation.

request: {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one'
  label: string
  name?: string
  native_table: {
  accounting_field_ramp_id?: string
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'users'
  type?: 'native_table'
}
}

response: none


---

title: Change the API name of a Matrix table column (input or result)
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/columns/{column_name}
description: This changes the internal name used in API calls while preserving
the human-readable label. Both input and result columns can be renamed.

request: {
  new_name: string
}

response: none


---

title: List Matrix table rows
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/list-rows
description: Returns rows with inputs and results separated.
Inputs are always complete (all input columns), results are sparse (only set values).

request: {
  external_keys?: string[]
  filters?: {
  column_name: string
  one_of: string[]
}[]
  page_size?: number
  start?: string
}

response: {
  data: {
  id: string
  inputs: {
  column_name: string
  display_name: string
  identifier?: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
} | {
  value: number
}
}[]
  results: {
  column_name: string
  display_name: string
  identifier: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
}[]
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
  total_count: number
}


---

title: Change the API name of a Matrix table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/rename
description: No description

request: {
  new_name: string
}

response: none


---

title: Upsert Matrix table rows
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/rows
description: Creates new rows or updates existing rows based on input values.
Input values define row identity (via external_key).
Result values are mutable and can be partially updated.

request: {
  data: {
  inputs: {
  column_name: string
  identifier?: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
  number_identifier?: number | string
}[]
  results: {
  column_name: string
  identifier: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
}[]
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  inserted: number
  updated: number
}
}


---

title: Append cells to Matrix table rows
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/rows/-/append
description: Adds values to many-to-many result columns without replacing existing values.
Only works on many-to-many result columns.

request: {
  data: {
  inputs: {
  column_name: string
  identifier?: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
  number_identifier?: number | string
}[]
  results: {
  column_name: string
  identifier: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
}[]
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  cells_appended: number
}
}


---

title: Remove cells from Matrix table rows
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/rows/-/remove
description: Removes specific values from many-to-many result columns without affecting other values.

request: {
  data: {
  inputs: {
  column_name: string
  identifier?: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
  number_identifier?: number | string
}[]
  results: {
  column_name: string
  identifier: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
}[]
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  cells_removed: number
}
}


---

title: Delete a single Matrix table row by ID
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/matrix-tables/{table_name}/rows/{row_id}
description: Deletes the matrix row with the specified ID from the matrix table.

request: none

response: none


---

title: List Native Ramp tables
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/native-tables
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type: 'native_table'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: List Custom Columns for a Native Ramp table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/native-tables/{native_table_name}/columns
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  allows_writes: boolean
  display_name: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: {
  type: 'boolean'
} | {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one' | 'one_to_many' | 'one_to_one'
  corresponding_column_id: string
  table_display_name: string
  table_id: string
  table_name: string
  type: 'custom_reference'
} | {
  display_type: 'date'
  type: 'datetime'
} | {
  cardinality: 'many_to_many' | 'many_to_one' | 'one_to_many' | 'one_to_one'
  corresponding_column_id: string
  table_id: string
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  tracking_category: {
  accounting_provider_is_connected: boolean
  display_name: string
  is_active: boolean
  uuid: string
}
  type: 'native_reference'
} | {
  display_type: 'currency' | 'number' | 'percentage'
  type: 'number'
} | {
  display_type: 'email' | 'numeric_id' | 'paragraph' | 'phone' | 'plain_text' | 'url'
  type: 'text'
}
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: List Custom Column values for rows of a Native Ramp table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/native-tables/{native_table_name}/rows
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  column_display_name: string
  column_id: string
  value: {
  display_name: string
  type: 'boolean'
  value: boolean
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: {
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  row_id: string
  type: 'custom_table'
}[]
  table_name: string
  type: 'custom_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'date'
  value: string /* date */
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: {
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  type: 'native_table'
}[]
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type: 'native_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'number'
  value: number
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'text'
  value: string
}
}[]
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  id: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Set values for rows of a Native Ramp table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/native-tables/{native_table_name}/rows
description: No description

request: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  contents: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
} | string /* date */ | boolean | number | string
  name: string
}[]
  row: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  inserted: number
  updated: number
}
}


---

title: Append cells to a Native Ramp table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/native-tables/{native_table_name}/rows/-/append
description: No description

request: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  contents: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
} | string /* date */ | boolean | number | string
  name: string
}[]
  row: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  inserted: number
}
}


---

title: Remove cells from a Native Ramp table
path: /developer/v1/custom-records/native-tables/{native_table_name}/rows/-/remove
description: No description

request: {
  data: {
  cells: {
  contents: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
} | string /* date */ | boolean | number | string
  name: string
}[]
  row: {
  column_name: string
  value: string
}
}[]
}

response: {
  metadata: {
  deleted: number
}
}


---

title: List departments
path: /developer/v1/departments
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  id: string
  name: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a department
path: /developer/v1/departments
description: No description

request: {
  name: string
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a department
path: /developer/v1/departments/{department_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  id: string
  name: string
}


---

title: Update a department
path: /developer/v1/departments/{department_id}
description: No description

request: {
  name: string
}

response: {
  id: string
  name: string
}


---

title: Create an embed init token for a card
path: /developer/v1/embedded/cards/{card_id}/embed
description: The specified card must be activated and currently active

request: {
  parent_origin: string
}

response: {
  embed_init_token: string
}


---

title: List business entities
path: /developer/v1/entities
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounts: {
  bank_account_id: string
  classification: 'ANY' | 'ASSET' | 'CREDCARD' | 'EQUITY' | 'EXPENSE' | 'LIABILITY' | 'REVENUE' | 'UNKNOWN'
  created_at: string /* date */
  external_id: string
  external_name: string
  internal_id: string
  usage_type: 'ACCRUAL_AP_ACCOUNT' | 'ACCRUAL_LIABILITY_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_ACCOUNTS_RECEIVABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_BAD_DEBT_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_CARD_FEES_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_CASH_ACCOUNT_DEFAULT' | 'AR_CHARGEBACK_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_INCOME_ACCOUNT_DEFAULT' | 'AR_REFUNDS_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_UNDEPOSITED_FUNDS_ACCOUNT' | 'BILL_PAY_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'BILL_PAY_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'BILL_PAY_FX_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT' | 'BOOKKEEPING_AUTOMATION_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'BOOKKEEPING_AUTOMATION_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'BROKERAGE_ACCOUNT' | 'BROKERAGE_DIVIDEND_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD_LIABILITY_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD_TRANSACTION_BILLS_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'CASHBACK_ACCOUNT' | 'CASH_ACCOUNT' | 'INTERCOMPANY_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'INTERCOMPANY_ACCOUNTS_RECEIVABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'INTERCOMPANY_TRANSFER_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_CASH_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_INTEREST_INCOME_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_POSITION_ASSET_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_REALIZED_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_UNREALIZED_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT' | 'REIMBURSEMENT_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'REIMBURSEMENT_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'TRANSFER_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'UNDEPOSITED_FUNDS' | 'WALLET_ACCOUNT' | 'WALLET_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'WALLET_YIELD_ACCOUNT'
}[]
  connected_subsidiary: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
}
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  entity_name: string
  id: string
  is_primary: boolean
  location_ids: string[]
  payment_accounts: {
  account_name: string
  account_number_last_four: string
  currency: string
  id: string
}[]
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Get a business entity
path: /developer/v1/entities/{entity_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounts: {
  bank_account_id: string
  classification: 'ANY' | 'ASSET' | 'CREDCARD' | 'EQUITY' | 'EXPENSE' | 'LIABILITY' | 'REVENUE' | 'UNKNOWN'
  created_at: string /* date */
  external_id: string
  external_name: string
  internal_id: string
  usage_type: 'ACCRUAL_AP_ACCOUNT' | 'ACCRUAL_LIABILITY_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_ACCOUNTS_RECEIVABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_BAD_DEBT_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_CARD_FEES_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_CASH_ACCOUNT_DEFAULT' | 'AR_CHARGEBACK_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_INCOME_ACCOUNT_DEFAULT' | 'AR_REFUNDS_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'AR_UNDEPOSITED_FUNDS_ACCOUNT' | 'BILL_PAY_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'BILL_PAY_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'BILL_PAY_FX_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT' | 'BOOKKEEPING_AUTOMATION_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'BOOKKEEPING_AUTOMATION_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'BROKERAGE_ACCOUNT' | 'BROKERAGE_DIVIDEND_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD_LIABILITY_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD_TRANSACTION_BILLS_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'CASHBACK_ACCOUNT' | 'CASH_ACCOUNT' | 'INTERCOMPANY_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'INTERCOMPANY_ACCOUNTS_RECEIVABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'INTERCOMPANY_TRANSFER_CLEARING_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_CASH_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_INTEREST_INCOME_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_POSITION_ASSET_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_REALIZED_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT' | 'MANAGED_PORTFOLIO_UNREALIZED_GAIN_LOSS_ACCOUNT' | 'REIMBURSEMENT_ACCOUNTS_PAYABLE_ACCOUNT' | 'REIMBURSEMENT_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'TRANSFER_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'UNDEPOSITED_FUNDS' | 'WALLET_ACCOUNT' | 'WALLET_BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'WALLET_YIELD_ACCOUNT'
}[]
  connected_subsidiary: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
}
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  entity_name: string
  id: string
  is_primary: boolean
  location_ids: string[]
  payment_accounts: {
  account_name: string
  account_number_last_four: string
  currency: string
  id: string
}[]
}


---

title: List item receipts
path: /developer/v1/item-receipts
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  archived_at: string /* date */
  created_at: string /* date */
  documents: string[]
  id: string
  item_receipt_number: string
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  id: string
  memo: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
  quantity: number
  remote_id: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  memo: string
  purchase_order_id: string
  received_at: string /* date */
  remote_id: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create an item receipt
path: /developer/v1/item-receipts
description: No description

request: {
  item_receipt_line_items: {
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
  unit_quantity?: number
}[]
  item_receipt_number: string
  memo?: string
  purchase_order_id: string
  received_at: string /* date */
}

response: none


---

title: Delete an item receipt
path: /developer/v1/item-receipts/{item_receipt_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: none


---

title: Fetch an item receipt
path: /developer/v1/item-receipts/{item_receipt_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  archived_at: string /* date */
  created_at: string /* date */
  documents: string[]
  id: string
  item_receipt_number: string
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  id: string
  memo: string
  purchase_order_line_item_id: string
  quantity: number
  remote_id: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  memo: string
  purchase_order_id: string
  received_at: string /* date */
  remote_id: string
}


---

title: List limits
path: /developer/v1/limits
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/deferred
description: Limit may either be created with spend program id (can provide display name and spending restrictions, cannot permitted spend types) or without (must provide display name, spending restrictions, and permitted spend types).

request: {
  accounting_rules?: {
  field_id: string
  field_option_id: string
}[]
  display_name?: string
  idempotency_key: string
  is_shareable?: boolean
  permitted_spend_types?: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  spend_program_id?: string
  spending_restrictions?: {
  allowed_categories?: number[]
  allowed_vendors?: string[]
  blocked_categories?: number[]
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  blocked_vendors?: string[]
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  transaction_amount_limit?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
}
  user_id: string
}

response: {
  id: string
}


---

title: Fetch deferred task status
path: /developer/v1/limits/deferred/status/{task_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  context: {
  acting_user_id: string
  spend_limit_id: string
}
  data: {
  error: string
  spend_limit_id: string
}
  id: string
  status: string
}


---

title: Fetch a limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  custom_form_collection_response: {
  custom_form_collection_log_entry: {
  allow_comments: boolean
  forms: {
  fields: CustomFormFieldResponseWrapperDumpSchemaV2[]
  label: string
}[]
  label: string
}
}
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}


---

title: Update a limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}
description: No description

request: {
  accounting_rules?: {
  field_id: string
  field_option_id: string
}[]
  display_name?: string
  existing_expense_policy_agent_exemption_application_rules?: 'APPLY_TO_ALL' | 'APPLY_TO_NONE'
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent?: boolean
  is_shareable?: boolean
  new_user_id?: string
  permitted_spend_types?: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  spend_program_id?: string
  spending_restrictions?: {
  allowed_categories?: number[]
  allowed_vendors?: string[]
  blocked_categories?: number[]
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  blocked_vendors?: string[]
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  is_one_time_edit?: boolean
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  transaction_amount_limit?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
}
}

response: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}


---

title: Update a limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}
description: No description

request: {
  accounting_rules?: {
  field_id: string
  field_option_id: string
}[]
  display_name?: string
  existing_expense_policy_agent_exemption_application_rules?: 'APPLY_TO_ALL' | 'APPLY_TO_NONE'
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent?: boolean
  is_shareable?: boolean
  new_user_id?: string
  permitted_spend_types?: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  spend_program_id?: string
  spending_restrictions?: {
  allowed_categories?: number[]
  allowed_vendors?: string[]
  blocked_categories?: number[]
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  blocked_vendors?: string[]
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  is_one_time_edit?: boolean
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  transaction_amount_limit?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
}
}

response: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}


---

title: Add new users into a shared limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}/add-users
description: No description

request: {
  user_ids?: string[]
}

response: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}


---

title: Terminate a limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}/deferred/termination
description: This endpoint creates an async task to terminate a limit permanently.

request: {
  idempotency_key: string
}

response: {
  id: string
}


---

title: Remove users from a shared limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}/delete-users
description: No description

request: {
  user_ids?: string[]
}

response: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}


---

title: Suspend a limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}/suspension
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}


---

title: Unsuspend a limit
path: /developer/v1/limits/{spend_limit_id}/unsuspension
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  balance: {
  cleared: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  pending: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  cards: {
  card_id: string
  cardholder_id: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  expiration: string
  is_ap_card: boolean
  last_four: string
  via_new_product_or_service: boolean
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  display_name: string
  entity_id: string
  has_program_overridden: boolean
  id: string
  is_exempt_from_policy_agent: boolean
  is_shareable: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval?: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
  spend_program_id: string
  state: 'ACTIVE' | 'SUSPENDED' | 'TERMINATED'
  suspension: {
  acting_user_id: string
  inserted_at: string /* date */
  suspended_by_ramp: boolean
}
  users: {
  user_id: string
}[]
}


---

title: List locations
path: /developer/v1/locations
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a location
path: /developer/v1/locations
description: No description

request: {
  entity_id?: string
  name: string
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a location
path: /developer/v1/locations/{location_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
}


---

title: Update a location
path: /developer/v1/locations/{location_id}
description: No description

request: {
  entity_id?: string
  name: string
}

response: {
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
}


---

title: List memos
path: /developer/v1/memos
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  id?: string
  memo?: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a transaction memo
path: /developer/v1/memos/{transaction_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  id?: string
  memo?: string
}


---

title: Upload a new memo for a transaction
path: /developer/v1/memos/{transaction_id}
description: No description

request: {
  is_memo_recurring?: boolean
  memo: string
}

response: {
  id?: string
  memo?: string
}


---

title: List merchants
path: /developer/v1/merchants
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  id: string
  is_auto_approved: boolean
  merchant_name: string
  sk_category_name: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: List purchase orders
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_ids: string[]
  billing_status?: 'CLOSED' | 'DELETED' | 'FULLY_BILLED' | 'OPEN' | 'PARTIALLY_BILLED'
  created_at: string /* date */
  creation_source: 'ACCOUNTING_PROVIDER' | 'DEVELOPER_API' | 'RAMP'
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  description: string
  id: string
  quantity: number
  remote_id: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  memo: string
  name: string
  net_payment_terms: number
  owner_id: string
  promise_date: string /* date */
  purchase_order_number: string
  receipt_status: 'FULLY_RECEIVED' | 'NOT_RECEIVED' | 'OVER_RECEIVED' | 'PARTIALLY_RECEIVED'
  remote_id: string
  spend_end_date: string /* date */
  spend_program_id: string
  spend_request_id: string
  spend_start_date: string /* date */
  spend_total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  three_way_match_enabled: boolean
  transaction_ids: string[]
  user_id: string
  vendor_id: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a purchase order
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders
description: No description

request: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  entity_id: string
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  description?: string
  unit_price: string | number
  unit_quantity: number
}[]
  memo?: string
  net_payment_terms?: number
  promise_date?: string /* date */
  purchase_order_number?: string
  spend_end_date?: string /* date */
  spend_start_date?: string /* date */
  three_way_match_enabled: boolean
  vendor_id?: string
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a purchase order
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders/{purchase_order_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_ids: string[]
  billing_status?: 'CLOSED' | 'DELETED' | 'FULLY_BILLED' | 'OPEN' | 'PARTIALLY_BILLED'
  created_at: string /* date */
  creation_source: 'ACCOUNTING_PROVIDER' | 'DEVELOPER_API' | 'RAMP'
  custom_form_collection_response: {
  custom_form_collection_log_entry: {
  allow_comments: boolean
  forms: {
  fields: {
  attachments?: RampDocumentSchema[]
  conditions: WorkflowsCondition
  description: string
  field: CustomFormFieldResponseDumpSchemaV2
  field_id: string
  global_library_field_id?: string
  is_mapped_to_ironclad_field?: boolean
  is_used_in_approval_workflow_condition?: boolean
  is_used_in_custom_form_workflow_condition?: boolean
  label: string
  required: boolean
  validation_errors?: CustomFormFieldValidationErrorSchemaV2[]
  value_display_string: string
}[]
  label: string
}[]
  label: string
}
}
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  description: string
  id: string
  quantity: number
  remote_id: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  memo: string
  name: string
  net_payment_terms: number
  owner_id: string
  promise_date: string /* date */
  purchase_order_number: string
  receipt_status: 'FULLY_RECEIVED' | 'NOT_RECEIVED' | 'OVER_RECEIVED' | 'PARTIALLY_RECEIVED'
  remote_id: string
  spend_end_date: string /* date */
  spend_program_id: string
  spend_request_id: string
  spend_start_date: string /* date */
  spend_total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  three_way_match_enabled: boolean
  transaction_ids: string[]
  user_id: string
  vendor_id: string
}


---

title: Update a purchase order
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders/{purchase_order_id}
description: Purchase order must be approved.

request: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  spend_end_date?: string /* date */
  spend_start_date?: string /* date */
}

response: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_ids: string[]
  billing_status?: 'CLOSED' | 'DELETED' | 'FULLY_BILLED' | 'OPEN' | 'PARTIALLY_BILLED'
  created_at: string /* date */
  creation_source: 'ACCOUNTING_PROVIDER' | 'DEVELOPER_API' | 'RAMP'
  custom_form_collection_response: {
  custom_form_collection_log_entry: {
  allow_comments: boolean
  forms: {
  fields: {
  attachments?: RampDocumentSchema[]
  conditions: WorkflowsCondition
  description: string
  field: CustomFormAddressFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormBooleanFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormContactFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDateFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDepartmentFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormEmailFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormFileUploadFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormLinkFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantCategoryFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMonetaryAmountFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormNumberFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormParagraphFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextMultiSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextSingleSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormVendorFieldResponseDumpSchema
  field_id: string
  global_library_field_id?: string
  is_mapped_to_ironclad_field?: boolean
  is_used_in_approval_workflow_condition?: boolean
  is_used_in_custom_form_workflow_condition?: boolean
  label: string
  required: boolean
  validation_errors?: CustomFormFieldValidationErrorSchemaV2[]
  value_display_string: string
}[]
  label: string
}[]
  label: string
}
}
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  description: string
  id: string
  quantity: number
  remote_id: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  memo: string
  name: string
  net_payment_terms: number
  owner_id: string
  promise_date: string /* date */
  purchase_order_number: string
  receipt_status: 'FULLY_RECEIVED' | 'NOT_RECEIVED' | 'OVER_RECEIVED' | 'PARTIALLY_RECEIVED'
  remote_id: string
  spend_end_date: string /* date */
  spend_program_id: string
  spend_request_id: string
  spend_start_date: string /* date */
  spend_total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  three_way_match_enabled: boolean
  transaction_ids: string[]
  user_id: string
  vendor_id: string
}


---

title: Archive a purchase order
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders/{purchase_order_id}/archive
description: No description

request: {
  archived_reason?: string
}

response: none


---

title: Add line items to an existing purchase order
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders/{purchase_order_id}/line-items
description: No description

request: {
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  description?: string
  unit_price: string | number
  unit_quantity: number
}[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a single line item from an existing purchase order
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders/{purchase_order_id}/line-items/{line_item_id}
description: Purchase order must be approved.

request: none

response: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_ids: string[]
  billing_status?: 'CLOSED' | 'DELETED' | 'FULLY_BILLED' | 'OPEN' | 'PARTIALLY_BILLED'
  created_at: string /* date */
  creation_source: 'ACCOUNTING_PROVIDER' | 'DEVELOPER_API' | 'RAMP'
  custom_form_collection_response: {
  custom_form_collection_log_entry: {
  allow_comments: boolean
  forms: {
  fields: {
  attachments?: RampDocumentSchema[]
  conditions: WorkflowsCondition
  description: string
  field: CustomFormAddressFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormBooleanFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormContactFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDateFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDepartmentFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormEmailFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormFileUploadFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormLinkFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantCategoryFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMonetaryAmountFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormNumberFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormParagraphFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextMultiSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextSingleSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormVendorFieldResponseDumpSchema
  field_id: string
  global_library_field_id?: string
  is_mapped_to_ironclad_field?: boolean
  is_used_in_approval_workflow_condition?: boolean
  is_used_in_custom_form_workflow_condition?: boolean
  label: string
  required: boolean
  validation_errors?: CustomFormFieldValidationErrorSchemaV2[]
  value_display_string: string
}[]
  label: string
}[]
  label: string
}
}
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  description: string
  id: string
  quantity: number
  remote_id: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  memo: string
  name: string
  net_payment_terms: number
  owner_id: string
  promise_date: string /* date */
  purchase_order_number: string
  receipt_status: 'FULLY_RECEIVED' | 'NOT_RECEIVED' | 'OVER_RECEIVED' | 'PARTIALLY_RECEIVED'
  remote_id: string
  spend_end_date: string /* date */
  spend_program_id: string
  spend_request_id: string
  spend_start_date: string /* date */
  spend_total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  three_way_match_enabled: boolean
  transaction_ids: string[]
  user_id: string
  vendor_id: string
}


---

title: Update a single line item on an existing purchase order
path: /developer/v1/purchase-orders/{purchase_order_id}/line-items/{line_item_id}
description: Purchase order must be approved.

request: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  field_external_id: string
  field_option_external_id?: string
  free_form_text?: string
}[]
  description?: string
  unit_price?: string | number
  unit_quantity?: number
}

response: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  archived_at: string /* date */
  bill_ids: string[]
  billing_status?: 'CLOSED' | 'DELETED' | 'FULLY_BILLED' | 'OPEN' | 'PARTIALLY_BILLED'
  created_at: string /* date */
  creation_source: 'ACCOUNTING_PROVIDER' | 'DEVELOPER_API' | 'RAMP'
  custom_form_collection_response: {
  custom_form_collection_log_entry: {
  allow_comments: boolean
  forms: {
  fields: {
  attachments?: RampDocumentSchema[]
  conditions: WorkflowsCondition
  description: string
  field: CustomFormAddressFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormBooleanFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormContactFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDateFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDepartmentFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormEmailFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormFileUploadFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormLinkFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantCategoryFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMonetaryAmountFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormNumberFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormParagraphFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextMultiSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextSingleSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormVendorFieldResponseDumpSchema
  field_id: string
  global_library_field_id?: string
  is_mapped_to_ironclad_field?: boolean
  is_used_in_approval_workflow_condition?: boolean
  is_used_in_custom_form_workflow_condition?: boolean
  label: string
  required: boolean
  validation_errors?: CustomFormFieldValidationErrorSchemaV2[]
  value_display_string: string
}[]
  label: string
}[]
  label: string
}
}
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  item_receipt_ids: string[]
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  description: string
  id: string
  quantity: number
  remote_id: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  memo: string
  name: string
  net_payment_terms: number
  owner_id: string
  promise_date: string /* date */
  purchase_order_number: string
  receipt_status: 'FULLY_RECEIVED' | 'NOT_RECEIVED' | 'OVER_RECEIVED' | 'PARTIALLY_RECEIVED'
  remote_id: string
  spend_end_date: string /* date */
  spend_program_id: string
  spend_request_id: string
  spend_start_date: string /* date */
  spend_total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  three_way_match_enabled: boolean
  transaction_ids: string[]
  user_id: string
  vendor_id: string
}


---

title: List emails opted out of receipt integrations
path: /developer/v1/receipt-integrations/opt-out
description: No description

request: {
  email?: string
  id?: string
}

response: {
  email?: string
  id?: string
}


---

title: Add a new email to receipt integrations opt-out list
path: /developer/v1/receipt-integrations/opt-out
description: No description

request: {
  business_id: number
  email: string
}

response: none


---

title: Remove an email from receipt integration opt-out list
path: /developer/v1/receipt-integrations/opt-out/{mailbox_opted_out_email_uuid}
description: Successful request will opt-in email to receipt integrations.

request: none

response: none


---

title: List receipts
path: /developer/v1/receipts
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  created_at?: string /* date */
  id?: string
  receipt_url: string
  transaction_id?: string
  user_id?: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Upload a receipt
path: /developer/v1/receipts
description: image and optionally associate it with a transaction.

If a `transaction_id` is provided, the receipt will be linked directly to that transaction. If not, Ramp will attempt to automatically match the receipt to the most relevant transaction based on context.

This endpoint accepts the [multipart/form-data](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST) format.

Include the receipt image as a part with `Content-Disposition: attachment`. Include metadata as parts with `Content-Disposition: form-data`.

request: {
  idempotency_key: string
  transaction_id?: string
  user_id: string
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a receipt
path: /developer/v1/receipts/{receipt_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  created_at?: string /* date */
  id?: string
  receipt_url: string
  transaction_id?: string
  user_id?: string
}


---

title: List reimbursements
path: /developer/v1/reimbursements
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  source: {
  type?: string
}
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: number
  approved_at: string /* date */
  attendees: {
  name: string
  user_id: string
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  currency: string
  direction: 'BUSINESS_TO_USER' | 'USER_TO_BUSINESS'
  distance: number
  employee_id: string
  end_location: string
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  source: {
  type?: string
}
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
}[]
  memo: string
  merchant: string
  merchant_id: string
  original_reimbursement_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payee_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payment_batch_id: string
  payment_id: string
  payment_processed_at: string /* date */
  receipts: string[]
  spend_limit_id: string
  start_location: string
  state: 'APPROVED' | 'AWAITING_EXPORT' | 'AWAITING_PAYMENT' | 'AWAITING_PUSH_PAYMENT' | 'CANCELED' | 'DELETED' | 'DRAFT' | 'EXPORTED' | 'EXPORT_FAILED' | 'EXPORT_INITIATED' | 'EXPORT_MARKED_AS_FAILED' | 'EXPORT_SUCCESSFUL' | 'FAILED_REIMBURSEMENT' | 'INIT' | 'MANUALLY_REIMBURSED' | 'MISSING_ACH' | 'PENDING' | 'PROCESSING' | 'PUSH_PAYMENT_FAILED' | 'PUSH_PAYMENT_INITIATED' | 'REIMBURSED' | 'REIMBURSED_VIA_PUSH' | 'REJECTED'
  submitted_at: string /* date */
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
  synced_at: string /* date */
  transaction_date: string /* date */
  trip_id: string
  type: 'MILEAGE' | 'OUT_OF_POCKET' | 'PAYBACK_FULL' | 'PAYBACK_PARTIAL' | 'PER_DIEM'
  updated_at: string /* date */
  user_email: string
  user_full_name: string
  user_id: string
  waypoints: string[]
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a mileage reimbursement
path: /developer/v1/reimbursements/mileage
description: No description

request: {
  distance: string | number
  distance_units?: 'KILOMETERS' | 'MILES'
  end_location?: string
  memo?: string
  reimbursee_id: string
  start_location?: string
  trip_date: string /* date */
  waypoints?: string[]
}

response: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  source: {
  type?: string
}
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: number
  approved_at: string /* date */
  attendees: {
  name: string
  user_id: string
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  currency: string
  direction: 'BUSINESS_TO_USER' | 'USER_TO_BUSINESS'
  distance: number
  employee_id: string
  end_location: string
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  source: {
  type?: string
}
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
}[]
  memo: string
  merchant: string
  merchant_id: string
  original_reimbursement_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payee_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payment_batch_id: string
  payment_id: string
  payment_processed_at: string /* date */
  receipts: string[]
  spend_limit_id: string
  start_location: string
  state: 'APPROVED' | 'AWAITING_EXPORT' | 'AWAITING_PAYMENT' | 'AWAITING_PUSH_PAYMENT' | 'CANCELED' | 'DELETED' | 'DRAFT' | 'EXPORTED' | 'EXPORT_FAILED' | 'EXPORT_INITIATED' | 'EXPORT_MARKED_AS_FAILED' | 'EXPORT_SUCCESSFUL' | 'FAILED_REIMBURSEMENT' | 'INIT' | 'MANUALLY_REIMBURSED' | 'MISSING_ACH' | 'PENDING' | 'PROCESSING' | 'PUSH_PAYMENT_FAILED' | 'PUSH_PAYMENT_INITIATED' | 'REIMBURSED' | 'REIMBURSED_VIA_PUSH' | 'REJECTED'
  submitted_at: string /* date */
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
  synced_at: string /* date */
  transaction_date: string /* date */
  trip_id: string
  type: 'MILEAGE' | 'OUT_OF_POCKET' | 'PAYBACK_FULL' | 'PAYBACK_PARTIAL' | 'PER_DIEM'
  updated_at: string /* date */
  user_email: string
  user_full_name: string
  user_id: string
  waypoints: string[]
}


---

title: Upload a receipt for a reimbursement
path: /developer/v1/reimbursements/submit-receipt
description: If a `reimbursement_id` is provided, the receipt will be linked directly to that reimbursement. If not, Ramp will attempt to automatically create a draft reimbursement via OCR.

This endpoint accepts the [multipart/form-data](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST) format.

Include the receipt image as a part with `Content-Disposition: attachment`. Include metadata as parts with `Content-Disposition: form-data`.

request: {
  idempotency_key: string
  reimbursee_id: string
  reimbursement_id?: string
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a reimbursement
path: /developer/v1/reimbursements/{reimbursement_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  source: {
  type?: string
}
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: number
  approved_at: string /* date */
  attendees: {
  name: string
  user_id: string
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  currency: string
  direction: 'BUSINESS_TO_USER' | 'USER_TO_BUSINESS'
  distance: number
  employee_id: string
  end_location: string
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
  source: {
  type?: string
}
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo: string
}[]
  memo: string
  merchant: string
  merchant_id: string
  original_reimbursement_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payee_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payment_batch_id: string
  payment_id: string
  payment_processed_at: string /* date */
  receipts: string[]
  spend_limit_id: string
  start_location: string
  state: 'APPROVED' | 'AWAITING_EXPORT' | 'AWAITING_PAYMENT' | 'AWAITING_PUSH_PAYMENT' | 'CANCELED' | 'DELETED' | 'DRAFT' | 'EXPORTED' | 'EXPORT_FAILED' | 'EXPORT_INITIATED' | 'EXPORT_MARKED_AS_FAILED' | 'EXPORT_SUCCESSFUL' | 'FAILED_REIMBURSEMENT' | 'INIT' | 'MANUALLY_REIMBURSED' | 'MISSING_ACH' | 'PENDING' | 'PROCESSING' | 'PUSH_PAYMENT_FAILED' | 'PUSH_PAYMENT_INITIATED' | 'REIMBURSED' | 'REIMBURSED_VIA_PUSH' | 'REJECTED'
  submitted_at: string /* date */
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
  synced_at: string /* date */
  transaction_date: string /* date */
  trip_id: string
  type: 'MILEAGE' | 'OUT_OF_POCKET' | 'PAYBACK_FULL' | 'PAYBACK_PARTIAL' | 'PER_DIEM'
  updated_at: string /* date */
  user_email: string
  user_full_name: string
  user_id: string
  waypoints: string[]
}


---

title: List spend programs
path: /developer/v1/spend-programs
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  description: string
  display_name: string
  icon: 'AccountingServicesIcon' | 'AdvertisingIcon' | 'CONTRACTORS_AND_PROFESSIONAL_SERVICES' | 'CUSTOM' | 'CardIcon' | 'EducationStipendIcon' | 'EmployeeRewardsIcon' | 'GroundTransportationIcon' | 'LegalFeesIcon' | 'LodgingIcon' | 'LunchOrderingIcon' | 'OnboardingIcon' | 'PerDiemCardIcon' | 'SOFTWARE' | 'SaasSubscriptionIcon' | 'SoftwareTrialIcon' | 'SuppliesIcon' | 'TeamSocialIcon' | 'TravelExpensesIcon' | 'VirtualEventIcon' | 'WellnessIcon' | 'WorkFromHomeIcon' | 'advertising' | 'airlines' | 'bills' | 'business' | 'car_services' | 'contractor' | 'education' | 'entertainment' | 'event_balloons' | 'event_virtual' | 'food' | 'fuel_and_gas' | 'general_expense' | 'general_merchandise' | 'gift' | 'government_services' | 'internet_and_phone' | 'legal' | 'lodging' | 'lodging_room' | 'newspaper' | 'office' | 'physical_card' | 'procurement_checklist' | 'procurement_intake' | 'professional_services' | 'restaurants' | 'reward' | 'saas_software' | 'shipping' | 'travel_misc' | 'wellness'
  id: string
  is_shareable: boolean
  issue_physical_card_if_needed: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'CUSTOM' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a spend program
path: /developer/v1/spend-programs
description: No description

request: {
  description: string
  display_name: string
  icon: 'AccountingServicesIcon' | 'AdvertisingIcon' | 'CONTRACTORS_AND_PROFESSIONAL_SERVICES' | 'CUSTOM' | 'CardIcon' | 'EducationStipendIcon' | 'EmployeeRewardsIcon' | 'GroundTransportationIcon' | 'LegalFeesIcon' | 'LodgingIcon' | 'LunchOrderingIcon' | 'OnboardingIcon' | 'PerDiemCardIcon' | 'SOFTWARE' | 'SaasSubscriptionIcon' | 'SoftwareTrialIcon' | 'SuppliesIcon' | 'TeamSocialIcon' | 'TravelExpensesIcon' | 'VirtualEventIcon' | 'WellnessIcon' | 'WorkFromHomeIcon' | 'advertising' | 'airlines' | 'bills' | 'business' | 'car_services' | 'contractor' | 'education' | 'entertainment' | 'event_balloons' | 'event_virtual' | 'food' | 'fuel_and_gas' | 'general_expense' | 'general_merchandise' | 'gift' | 'government_services' | 'internet_and_phone' | 'legal' | 'lodging' | 'lodging_room' | 'newspaper' | 'office' | 'physical_card' | 'procurement_checklist' | 'procurement_intake' | 'professional_services' | 'restaurants' | 'reward' | 'saas_software' | 'shipping' | 'travel_misc' | 'wellness'
  is_shareable?: boolean
  issuance_rules?: {
  automatic?: {
  applies_to_all?: boolean
  department_ids?: string[]
  location_ids?: string[]
  user_custom_field_ids?: string[]
}
  requestable?: {
  applies_to_all?: boolean
  department_ids?: string[]
  location_ids?: string[]
  user_custom_field_ids?: string[]
}
}
  issue_physical_card_if_needed?: boolean
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  spending_restrictions: {
  allowed_categories?: number[]
  allowed_vendors?: string[]
  blocked_categories?: number[]
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  blocked_vendors?: string[]
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  transaction_amount_limit?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
}
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a spend program
path: /developer/v1/spend-programs/{spend_program_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  custom_form_collection: {
  custom_form_collection_log_entry: {
  forms: {
  fields: CustomFormFieldWrapperDumpSchema[]
  label: string
}[]
  label: string
}
}
  description: string
  display_name: string
  icon: 'AccountingServicesIcon' | 'AdvertisingIcon' | 'CONTRACTORS_AND_PROFESSIONAL_SERVICES' | 'CUSTOM' | 'CardIcon' | 'EducationStipendIcon' | 'EmployeeRewardsIcon' | 'GroundTransportationIcon' | 'LegalFeesIcon' | 'LodgingIcon' | 'LunchOrderingIcon' | 'OnboardingIcon' | 'PerDiemCardIcon' | 'SOFTWARE' | 'SaasSubscriptionIcon' | 'SoftwareTrialIcon' | 'SuppliesIcon' | 'TeamSocialIcon' | 'TravelExpensesIcon' | 'VirtualEventIcon' | 'WellnessIcon' | 'WorkFromHomeIcon' | 'advertising' | 'airlines' | 'bills' | 'business' | 'car_services' | 'contractor' | 'education' | 'entertainment' | 'event_balloons' | 'event_virtual' | 'food' | 'fuel_and_gas' | 'general_expense' | 'general_merchandise' | 'gift' | 'government_services' | 'internet_and_phone' | 'legal' | 'lodging' | 'lodging_room' | 'newspaper' | 'office' | 'physical_card' | 'procurement_checklist' | 'procurement_intake' | 'professional_services' | 'restaurants' | 'reward' | 'saas_software' | 'shipping' | 'travel_misc' | 'wellness'
  id: string
  is_shareable: boolean
  issue_physical_card_if_needed: boolean
  line_item_accounting_fields: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  is_required: boolean
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  permitted_spend_types: {
  primary_card_enabled: boolean
  reimbursements_enabled: boolean
}
  restrictions: {
  allowed_categories: number[]
  allowed_vendors: string[]
  auto_lock_date: string /* date */
  blocked_categories: number[]
  blocked_vendors: string[]
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'CUSTOM' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  next_interval_reset: string /* date */
  start_of_interval: string /* date */
  temporary_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  transaction_amount_limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}
}


---

title: List statements
path: /developer/v1/statements
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  balance_sections: {
  charges: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  credits: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  ending_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  opening_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payments: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  charges: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  credits: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  end_date: string /* date */
  ending_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  id: string
  opening_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payments: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  preceding_statement_id?: string
  start_date: string /* date */
  statement_lines: {
  cleared_at?: string /* date */
  created_at: string /* date */
  id?: string
  type?: 'CARD_TRANSACTION' | 'CASHBACK' | 'TRANSFER_PAYMENT'
}[]
  statement_url?: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a statement
path: /developer/v1/statements/{statement_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  balance_sections: {
  charges: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  credits: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  ending_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  entity_id: string
  id: string
  opening_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payments: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
}[]
  charges: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  credits: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  end_date: string /* date */
  ending_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  id: string
  opening_balance: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  payments: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  preceding_statement_id?: string
  start_date: string /* date */
  statement_lines: {
  cleared_at?: string /* date */
  created_at: string /* date */
  id?: string
  type?: 'CARD_TRANSACTION' | 'CASHBACK' | 'TRANSFER_PAYMENT'
}[]
  statement_url?: string
}


---

title: Create a token
path: /developer/v1/token
description: Expects two headers:
- Authorization header formed from base-64 encoded client credentials as `Authorization: Basic <base64-encoded client_id:client_secret>`
- `Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

Required content body depends on authorization type method, as defined by `grant_type`.
- Authorization Code Grant (`grant_type=authorization_code`): `grant_type`, `code`, and `redirect_uri` are required. Request must happen after requested scopes have been approved and exchanged for authorization code.
- Refresh Token Grant (`grant_type=refresh_token`): `grant_type` and `refresh_token` are required. User must have previously obtained refresh token in authorization code flow.
- Client Credentials Grant (`grant_type=client_credentials`): `grant_type` and `scope` are required.

request: {
  code?: string
  grant_type: 'authorization_code' | 'client_credentials' | 'refresh_token'
  redirect_uri?: string
  refresh_token?: string
  scope?: string
}

response: {
  access_token?: string
  expires_in?: number
  id_token?: string
  refresh_token?: string
  refresh_token_expires_in?: number
  scope?: string
  token_type?: string
}


---

title: Revoke an access or refresh token
path: /developer/v1/token/revoke
description: Expects an authorization header formed from base-64 encoded client credentials as `Authorization: Basic <base64-encoded client_id:client_secret>`.

Content body must be form-encoded. Example:
```
curl \
    -X POST \
    -H "Authorization: Basic <base64-encoded client_id:client_secret>" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" \
    --data-urlencode 'token=$RAMP_API_TOKEN' \
    'https://api.ramp.com/developer/v1/token/revoke'
```

request: {
  token: string
  token_type_hint?: 'access_token' | 'refresh_token'
}

response: none


---

title: List transactions
path: /developer/v1/transactions
description: This endpoint supports filtering and ordering. If state is not set, all transactions except declined transactions will be returned. Note that setting multiple ordering parameters is unsupported.

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_categories?: {
  category_id?: string
  category_name?: string
  tracking_category_remote_id?: string
  tracking_category_remote_name?: string
  tracking_category_remote_type?: string
}[]
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  category_info?: {
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  provider_name: string
  source?: {
  type?: string
}
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount?: number
  attendees?: {
  name: string
  user_id: string
}[]
  card_holder?: {
  department_id?: string
  department_name?: string
  employee_id?: string
  first_name?: string
  last_name?: string
  location_id?: string
  location_name?: string
  user_id?: string
}
  card_id?: string
  card_present: boolean
  currency_code?: string
  decline_details?: {
  amount?: number
  reason?: 'AUTHORIZER' | 'AUTHORIZER_AP_CARD_VELOCITY_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_BUSINESS_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_BUSINESS_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_BUSINESS_VENDOR_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_AUTO_LOCK_DATE' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_CATEGORY_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_CATEGORY_WHITELIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_MCC_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_MISSING_POLICY_ITEMS' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_NOT_ACTIVATED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_PARTIALLY_ACTIVATED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_START_DATE' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_TASK_SANCTION' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_TOTAL_ACTIVATION_REQUIRED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_VENDOR_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_VENDOR_WHITELIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_COMMANDO_MODE' | 'AUTHORIZER_FRAUD' | 'AUTHORIZER_FREEZE_TRANSACTIONS_RISK' | 'AUTHORIZER_GLOBAL_MCC_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_MEMBER_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_NON_AP_CARD_VELOCITY_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_OOB_BLOCKED_MERCHANT' | 'AUTHORIZER_OOB_DAILY_BUSINESS_BALANCE' | 'AUTHORIZER_OOB_DAILY_CARD_SPEND' | 'AUTHORIZER_RAMP_AUTHORIZATION_METHODS' | 'AUTHORIZER_RAMP_TRANSACTION_AMOUNT_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_RAMP_VENDOR_RESTRICTIONS' | 'AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_ARCHIVED_FUNDS' | 'AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_MEMBER_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_TRANSACTION_AMOUNT_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_UNAUTHORIZED_USER' | 'AUTHORIZER_USER_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_USER_SUSPENDED' | 'BLOCKED_COUNTRY' | 'CARD_EXPIRED' | 'CARD_LOST_OR_STOLEN' | 'CARD_TERMINATED' | 'CHIP_FAILURE' | 'FORBIDDEN_CATEGORY' | 'INSECURE_AUTHORIZATION_METHOD' | 'INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS' | 'INVALID_PIN' | 'MISSING_CVV' | 'MISSING_EXPIRATION' | 'MOBILE_WALLET_FAILURE' | 'MOBILE_WALLET_TOKEN_NOT_FOUND' | 'MOBILE_WALLET_TOKEN_TERMINATED' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ACQUIRER_ISSUE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATION_REQUIRED' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_FORCED_STIP_BY_ISSUER' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ISSUER_LOGGED_OFF' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ISSUER_TIMEOUT' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ISSUER_UNAVAILABLE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_PIN_ERROR' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_RECURRING_PAYMENT' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_SELECTIVE_ACCEPTANCE_SERVICE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_SUSPECTED_FRAUD_TRANSACTION' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_TOKEN_PROVISIONING_SERVICE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_VISA_PAYMENT_CONTROLS_RULE' | 'NOT_ACTIVE' | 'NOT_ALLOWED' | 'NO_AUTO_ROUTED_LIMITS_AVAILABLE' | 'NO_LINKED_SPEND_ALLOCATION' | 'OFAC_VERIFICATION_NEEDED' | 'OPEN_TO_BUY_LIMIT' | 'OTHER' | 'PIN_BLOCKED' | 'PIN_TRY_LIMIT_EXCEEDED' | 'PROCESSOR_CAP' | 'QUASI_CASH' | 'ROUTED_TO_TERMINATED_SPEND_ALLOCATION' | 'STRIPE_WEBHOOK_TIMEOUT' | 'SUSPECTED_BIN_ATTACK' | 'SUSPECTED_FRAUD' | 'THREE_D_SECURE_REQUIRED' | 'USER_BLOCKED' | 'USER_TERMINATED' | 'WRONG_ADDRESS' | 'WRONG_CVV' | 'WRONG_EXPIRATION' | 'WRONG_POSTAL_CODE'
}
  disputes?: {
  created_at?: string /* date */
  id?: string
  memo?: string
  type?: string
}[]
  entity_id: string
  id?: string
  limit_id?: string
  line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  category_info?: {
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  provider_name: string
  source?: {
  type?: string
}
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  converted_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  merchant_category_code?: string
  merchant_category_code_description?: string
  merchant_data?: {
  auto_rental: {
  check_out?: string
  days?: number
}
  flight: {
  departure_date: string
  passenger_name?: string
  segments: ApiTransactionPurchaseFlightSegment[]
}
  lodging: {
  check_in?: string
  nights: number
}
  receipt: {
  items?: ApiTransactionPurchaseReceiptLineItem[]
}
  reference: string
}
  merchant_descriptor?: string
  merchant_id: string
  merchant_location: {
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state: string
}
  merchant_name?: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
  original_transaction_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  policy_violations?: {
  created_at?: string /* date */
  id?: string
  memo?: string
  type?: string
}[]
  receipts?: string[]
  requires_accounting_vendor_creation_to_sync?: boolean
  settlement_date?: string /* date */
  sk_category_id: number
  sk_category_name: string
  spend_program_id?: string
  state?: 'ALL' | 'CLEARED' | 'COMPLETION' | 'DECLINED' | 'ERROR' | 'PENDING' | 'PENDING_INITIATION'
  statement_id?: string
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
  synced_at: string /* date */
  trip_id: string
  trip_name: string
  user_transaction_time?: string /* date */
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a transaction
path: /developer/v1/transactions/{transaction_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_categories?: {
  category_id?: string
  category_name?: string
  tracking_category_remote_id?: string
  tracking_category_remote_name?: string
  tracking_category_remote_type?: string
}[]
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  category_info?: {
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  provider_name: string
  source?: {
  type?: string
}
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount?: number
  attendees?: {
  name: string
  user_id: string
}[]
  card_holder?: {
  department_id?: string
  department_name?: string
  employee_id?: string
  first_name?: string
  last_name?: string
  location_id?: string
  location_name?: string
  user_id?: string
}
  card_id?: string
  card_present: boolean
  currency_code?: string
  decline_details?: {
  amount?: number
  reason?: 'AUTHORIZER' | 'AUTHORIZER_AP_CARD_VELOCITY_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_BUSINESS_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_BUSINESS_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_BUSINESS_VENDOR_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_AUTO_LOCK_DATE' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_CATEGORY_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_CATEGORY_WHITELIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_MCC_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_MISSING_POLICY_ITEMS' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_NOT_ACTIVATED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_PARTIALLY_ACTIVATED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_START_DATE' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_TASK_SANCTION' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_TOTAL_ACTIVATION_REQUIRED' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_VENDOR_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_CARD_VENDOR_WHITELIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_COMMANDO_MODE' | 'AUTHORIZER_FRAUD' | 'AUTHORIZER_FREEZE_TRANSACTIONS_RISK' | 'AUTHORIZER_GLOBAL_MCC_BLACKLIST' | 'AUTHORIZER_MEMBER_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_NON_AP_CARD_VELOCITY_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_OOB_BLOCKED_MERCHANT' | 'AUTHORIZER_OOB_DAILY_BUSINESS_BALANCE' | 'AUTHORIZER_OOB_DAILY_CARD_SPEND' | 'AUTHORIZER_RAMP_AUTHORIZATION_METHODS' | 'AUTHORIZER_RAMP_TRANSACTION_AMOUNT_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_RAMP_VENDOR_RESTRICTIONS' | 'AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_ARCHIVED_FUNDS' | 'AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_MEMBER_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_SPEND_ALLOCATION_SUSPENDED' | 'AUTHORIZER_TRANSACTION_AMOUNT_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_UNAUTHORIZED_USER' | 'AUTHORIZER_USER_LIMIT' | 'AUTHORIZER_USER_SUSPENDED' | 'BLOCKED_COUNTRY' | 'CARD_EXPIRED' | 'CARD_LOST_OR_STOLEN' | 'CARD_TERMINATED' | 'CHIP_FAILURE' | 'FORBIDDEN_CATEGORY' | 'INSECURE_AUTHORIZATION_METHOD' | 'INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS' | 'INVALID_PIN' | 'MISSING_CVV' | 'MISSING_EXPIRATION' | 'MOBILE_WALLET_FAILURE' | 'MOBILE_WALLET_TOKEN_NOT_FOUND' | 'MOBILE_WALLET_TOKEN_TERMINATED' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ACQUIRER_ISSUE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATION_REQUIRED' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_FORCED_STIP_BY_ISSUER' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ISSUER_LOGGED_OFF' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ISSUER_TIMEOUT' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_ISSUER_UNAVAILABLE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_PIN_ERROR' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_RECURRING_PAYMENT' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_SELECTIVE_ACCEPTANCE_SERVICE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_SUSPECTED_FRAUD_TRANSACTION' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_TOKEN_PROVISIONING_SERVICE' | 'NETWORK_DECLINE_ADVICE_VISA_PAYMENT_CONTROLS_RULE' | 'NOT_ACTIVE' | 'NOT_ALLOWED' | 'NO_AUTO_ROUTED_LIMITS_AVAILABLE' | 'NO_LINKED_SPEND_ALLOCATION' | 'OFAC_VERIFICATION_NEEDED' | 'OPEN_TO_BUY_LIMIT' | 'OTHER' | 'PIN_BLOCKED' | 'PIN_TRY_LIMIT_EXCEEDED' | 'PROCESSOR_CAP' | 'QUASI_CASH' | 'ROUTED_TO_TERMINATED_SPEND_ALLOCATION' | 'STRIPE_WEBHOOK_TIMEOUT' | 'SUSPECTED_BIN_ATTACK' | 'SUSPECTED_FRAUD' | 'THREE_D_SECURE_REQUIRED' | 'USER_BLOCKED' | 'USER_TERMINATED' | 'WRONG_ADDRESS' | 'WRONG_CVV' | 'WRONG_EXPIRATION' | 'WRONG_POSTAL_CODE'
}
  disputes?: {
  created_at?: string /* date */
  id?: string
  memo?: string
  type?: string
}[]
  entity_id: string
  id?: string
  limit_id?: string
  line_items?: {
  accounting_field_selections?: {
  category_info?: {
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id?: string
  id?: string
  name?: string
  provider_name: string
  source?: {
  type?: string
}
  type?: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  converted_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
}[]
  memo?: string
  merchant_category_code?: string
  merchant_category_code_description?: string
  merchant_data?: {
  auto_rental: {
  check_out?: string
  days?: number
}
  flight: {
  departure_date: string
  passenger_name?: string
  segments: {
  arrival_airport_code?: string
  carrier?: string
  departure_airport_code?: string
  flight_number?: string
  service_class?: string
  stopover_allowed?: boolean
}[]
}
  lodging: {
  check_in?: string
  nights: number
}
  receipt: {
  items?: {
  commodity_code: string
  description?: string
  discount: number
  quantity?: number
  tax: number
  total?: number
  unit_cost?: number
}[]
}
  reference: string
}
  merchant_descriptor?: string
  merchant_id: string
  merchant_location: {
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state: string
}
  merchant_name?: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
  original_transaction_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  policy_violations?: {
  created_at?: string /* date */
  id?: string
  memo?: string
  type?: string
}[]
  receipt_affidavit?: string
  receipts?: string[]
  requires_accounting_vendor_creation_to_sync?: boolean
  settlement_date?: string /* date */
  sk_category_id: number
  sk_category_name: string
  spend_program_id?: string
  state?: 'ALL' | 'CLEARED' | 'COMPLETION' | 'DECLINED' | 'ERROR' | 'PENDING' | 'PENDING_INITIATION'
  statement_id?: string
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
  synced_at: string /* date */
  trip_id: string
  trip_name: string
  user_transaction_time?: string /* date */
}


---

title: List transfer payments
path: /developer/v1/transfers
description: For information on how to use this endpoint, refer to the [Transfers Guide](/developer-api/v1/guides/transfers).

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  amount?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bank_account_id: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  entity_id?: string
  id?: string
  payment_id?: string
  status?: 'ACH_CONFIRMED' | 'CANCELED' | 'COMPLETED' | 'ERROR' | 'INITIATED' | 'NOT_ACKED' | 'NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS' | 'PROCESSING_BY_ODFI' | 'REJECTED_BY_ODFI' | 'RETURNED_BY_RDFI' | 'SUBMITTED_TO_FED' | 'SUBMITTED_TO_RDFI' | 'UNNECESSARY' | 'UPLOADED'
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a transfer payment
path: /developer/v1/transfers/{transfer_id}
description: For information on how to use this endpoint, refer to the [Transfers Guide](/developer-api/v1/guides/transfers).

request: none

response: {
  amount?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bank_account_id: string
  created_at?: string /* date */
  entity_id?: string
  id?: string
  payment_id?: string
  status?: 'ACH_CONFIRMED' | 'CANCELED' | 'COMPLETED' | 'ERROR' | 'INITIATED' | 'NOT_ACKED' | 'NOT_ENOUGH_FUNDS' | 'PROCESSING_BY_ODFI' | 'REJECTED_BY_ODFI' | 'RETURNED_BY_RDFI' | 'SUBMITTED_TO_FED' | 'SUBMITTED_TO_RDFI' | 'UNNECESSARY' | 'UPLOADED'
  sync_status: 'NOT_SYNC_READY' | 'SYNCED' | 'SYNC_READY'
}


---

title: List all trips for the business
path: /developer/v1/trips
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  created_at: string /* date */
  description: string
  end_date: string /* date */
  id: string
  length_in_days: number
  locations: {
  end_date: string /* date */
  location: {
  city: string
  country: string
  latitude: number
  longitude: number
  state: string
}
  start_date: string /* date */
}[]
  name: string
  spend_events: {
  id: string
  spend_type: 'BILL' | 'REIMBURSEMENT' | 'TRANSACTION'
}[]
  start_date: string /* date */
  status: 'cancelled' | 'completed' | 'ongoing' | 'upcoming'
  total_spend: number
  travel_types: 'CAR' | 'FLIGHT' | 'HOTEL'[]
  updated_at: string /* date */
  user_id: string
}[][]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a trip
path: /developer/v1/trips/{trip_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  created_at: string /* date */
  description: string
  end_date: string /* date */
  id: string
  length_in_days: number
  locations: {
  end_date: string /* date */
  location: {
  city: string
  country: string
  latitude: number
  longitude: number
  state: string
}
  start_date: string /* date */
}[]
  name: string
  spend_events: {
  id: string
  spend_type: 'BILL' | 'REIMBURSEMENT' | 'TRANSACTION'
}[]
  start_date: string /* date */
  status: 'cancelled' | 'completed' | 'ongoing' | 'upcoming'
  total_spend: number
  travel_types: 'CAR' | 'FLIGHT' | 'HOTEL'[]
  updated_at: string /* date */
  user_id: string
}


---

title: List users
path: /developer/v1/users
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  business_id: string
  custom_fields: {
  name: string
  value: string
}[]
  department_id: string
  email?: string
  employee_id: string
  entity_id: string
  first_name?: string
  id?: string
  is_manager: boolean
  last_name?: string
  location_id: string
  manager_id: string
  phone: string
  role?: 'AUDITOR' | 'BUSINESS_ADMIN' | 'BUSINESS_BOOKKEEPER' | 'BUSINESS_OWNER' | 'BUSINESS_USER' | 'GUEST_USER' | 'IT_ADMIN'
  scheduled_deactivation_date: string /* date */
  status: 'INVITE_EXPIRED' | 'INVITE_PENDING' | 'USER_ACTIVE' | 'USER_INACTIVE' | 'USER_ONBOARDING' | 'USER_SUSPENDED'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a user invite
path: /developer/v1/users/deferred
description: Call this endpoint to trigger an async task to send out a user invite via email. Users will need to accept the invite in order to be onboarded.

Assign a user to a specific entity by specifying a `location_id` on creation. Locations are mapped to entities with a many-to-one relationship.

request: {
  department_id?: string
  direct_manager_id?: string
  email: string
  first_name: string
  idempotency_key: string
  is_manager?: boolean
  last_name: string
  location_id?: string
  role: 'AUDITOR' | 'BUSINESS_ADMIN' | 'BUSINESS_BOOKKEEPER' | 'BUSINESS_OWNER' | 'BUSINESS_USER' | 'GUEST_USER' | 'IT_ADMIN'
  scheduled_deactivation_date?: string /* date */
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch deferred task status
path: /developer/v1/users/deferred/status/{task_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  context?: {
  acting_user_id?: string
}
  data?: {
  error?: string
  user_id?: string
}
  id?: string
  status?: string
}


---

title: Fetch a user
path: /developer/v1/users/{user_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  business_id: string
  custom_fields: {
  name: string
  value: string
}[]
  department_id: string
  email?: string
  employee_id: string
  entity_id: string
  first_name?: string
  id?: string
  is_manager: boolean
  last_name?: string
  location_id: string
  manager_id: string
  phone: string
  role?: 'AUDITOR' | 'BUSINESS_ADMIN' | 'BUSINESS_BOOKKEEPER' | 'BUSINESS_OWNER' | 'BUSINESS_USER' | 'GUEST_USER' | 'IT_ADMIN'
  scheduled_deactivation_date: string /* date */
  status: 'INVITE_EXPIRED' | 'INVITE_PENDING' | 'USER_ACTIVE' | 'USER_INACTIVE' | 'USER_ONBOARDING' | 'USER_SUSPENDED'
}


---

title: Update a user
path: /developer/v1/users/{user_id}
description: No description

request: {
  auto_promote?: boolean
  department_id?: string
  direct_manager_id?: string
  first_name?: string
  is_manager?: boolean
  last_name?: string
  location_id?: string
  role?: 'AUDITOR' | 'BUSINESS_ADMIN' | 'BUSINESS_BOOKKEEPER' | 'BUSINESS_OWNER' | 'BUSINESS_USER' | 'GUEST_USER' | 'IT_ADMIN'
  scheduled_deactivation_date?: string /* date */
}

response: none


---

title: Deactivate a user
path: /developer/v1/users/{user_id}/deactivate
description: When users are deactivated, they will no longer be able to log in, spend on cards, or receive any notifications from Ramp.

request: none

response: Record<string, unknown>


---

title: Reactivate a user
path: /developer/v1/users/{user_id}/reactivate
description: Upon reactivation, users can log in to Ramp again, spend on their previously issued cards and resume receiving Ramp notifications.

request: none

response: Record<string, unknown>


---

title: Create a spend limit and retrieve sensitive card details
path: /developer/v1/vault/cards
description: Vault API access is required to use this endpoint.

request: {
  accounting_rules?: {
  field_id: string
  field_option_id: string
}[]
  allowed_overage_percent_override?: string | number
  display_name?: string
  spend_program_id?: string
  spending_restrictions?: {
  allowed_categories?: number[]
  allowed_vendors?: string[]
  blocked_categories?: number[]
  blocked_mcc_codes?: string[]
  blocked_vendors?: string[]
  interval: 'ANNUAL' | 'DAILY' | 'MONTHLY' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'TERTIARY' | 'TOTAL' | 'WEEKLY' | 'YEARLY'
  limit: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
  lock_date?: string /* date */
  transaction_amount_limit?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code?: string
}
}
  user_id: string
}

response: none


---

title: Fetch a card's sensitive details
path: /developer/v1/vault/cards/{card_id}
description: Accepts a card's ID and returns its sensitive details. Vault API access is required to use this endpoint.

request: none

response: {
  cvv?: string
  id?: string
  pan?: string
}


---

title: List vendors
path: /developer/v1/vendors
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_vendor_remote_id: string
  address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  billing_frequency?: 'ANNUAL' | 'MONTHLY' | 'MULTIPLE' | 'NA' | 'OTHER' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'ROLLING' | 'TBD' | 'TWICE_A_YEAR'
  contacts: string[]
  country: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  default_entity_id: string
  default_payment_method: {
  policy?: DefaultPaymentMethodAddressPolicy | DefaultPaymentMethodBankAccountPolicy | DefaultPaymentMethodCardPolicy
  update_source?: 'AUTO' | 'MANUAL'
}
  description?: string
  external_vendor_id: string
  federal_tax_classification?: 'C_CORPORATION' | 'INDIVIDUAL_SOLE_PROPRIETOR_SINGLE_MEMBER_LLC' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LLC_C_CORPORATION' | 'LLC_PARTNERSHIP' | 'LLC_S_CORPORATION' | 'OTHER' | 'PARTNERSHIP' | 'S_CORPORATION' | 'TRUST_ESTATE'
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_deletable: boolean
  merchant_id?: string
  name: string
  name_legal?: string
  sk_category_id?: number
  sk_category_name?: string
  state?: string
  subsidiary?: string[]
  tax_address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  total_spend_all_time: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_30_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_365_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_ytd: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  vendor_owner_id: string
  vendor_type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Create a new vendor
path: /developer/v1/vendors
description: Vendors created in the API are approved by default, and are not subject to
existing approval policies.

request: {
  accounting_vendor_remote_id?: string
  address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country?: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  business_vendor_contacts: {
  email: string
  first_name?: string
  last_name?: string
  phone?: string
}
  country: string
  external_vendor_id?: string
  name?: string
  request_payment_details?: boolean
  request_tax_details?: boolean
  state?: string
  vendor_owner_id?: string
  vendor_tracking_category_option_id?: string
}

response: {
  accounting_vendor_remote_id: string
  address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  billing_frequency?: 'ANNUAL' | 'MONTHLY' | 'MULTIPLE' | 'NA' | 'OTHER' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'ROLLING' | 'TBD' | 'TWICE_A_YEAR'
  contacts: string[]
  country: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  default_entity_id: string
  default_payment_method: {
  policy?: {
  data: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
} | {
  data: {
  account_nickname?: string
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  id: string
  is_default?: boolean
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
}
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
} | {
  card_payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
}
  update_source?: 'AUTO' | 'MANUAL'
}
  description?: string
  external_vendor_id: string
  federal_tax_classification?: 'C_CORPORATION' | 'INDIVIDUAL_SOLE_PROPRIETOR_SINGLE_MEMBER_LLC' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LLC_C_CORPORATION' | 'LLC_PARTNERSHIP' | 'LLC_S_CORPORATION' | 'OTHER' | 'PARTNERSHIP' | 'S_CORPORATION' | 'TRUST_ESTATE'
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_deletable: boolean
  merchant_id?: string
  name: string
  name_legal?: string
  sk_category_id?: number
  sk_category_name?: string
  state?: string
  subsidiary?: string[]
  tax_address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  total_spend_all_time: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_30_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_365_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_ytd: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  vendor_owner_id: string
  vendor_type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}


---

title: List vendor agreements
path: /developer/v1/vendors/agreements
description: No description

request: {
  agreement_custom_records?: {
  filters: Record<string, unknown> | {
  filters: CustomRecordsQueryAndClauseRequestBody | CustomRecordsQueryOrClauseRequestBody | RowQueryFilterRequestBody[]
  type?: 'or'
} | {
  clause: RowQueryGreaterThanClauseRequestBody | RowQueryGreaterThanOrEqualClauseRequestBody | RowQueryIsNotClauseRequestBody | RowQueryIsNullClauseRequestBody | RowQueryLessThanClauseRequestBody | RowQueryLessThanOrEqualClauseRequestBody | RowQueryOneOfClauseRequestBody
  column_id: string
  type?: 'filter'
}[]
  type?: 'and'
}
  auto_renews?: boolean
  contract_owner_ids?: string[]
  department_ids?: string[]
  end_date_range?: {
  end?: {
  offset: number
  unit: 'day' | 'month' | 'quarter' | 'week' | 'year'
}
  start?: {
  offset: number
  unit: 'day' | 'month' | 'quarter' | 'week' | 'year'
}
}
  exclude_snoozed?: boolean
  has_end_date?: boolean
  has_pending_expansion_requests?: boolean
  has_reminders?: boolean
  include_archived?: boolean
  is_active?: boolean
  is_up_for_renewal?: boolean
  last_date_to_terminate_range?: {
  end?: {
  offset: number
  unit: 'day' | 'month' | 'quarter' | 'week' | 'year'
}
  start?: {
  offset: number
  unit: 'day' | 'month' | 'quarter' | 'week' | 'year'
}
}
  max_days_remaining?: number
  max_end_date?: string /* date */
  max_last_date_to_terminate?: string /* date */
  max_start_date?: string /* date */
  max_total_value?: string | number
  min_days_remaining?: number
  min_end_date?: string /* date */
  min_last_date_to_terminate?: string /* date */
  min_start_date?: string /* date */
  min_total_value?: string | number
  page_size?: number
  payee_agreement_ids?: string[]
  payee_ids?: string[]
  payee_owner_ids?: string[]
  renewal_status?: 'CANCELLED' | 'EXPIRED' | 'INITIATED' | 'NOT_STARTED' | 'REJECTED' | 'RENEWED'[]
  renewal_status_exclude?: 'CANCELLED' | 'EXPIRED' | 'INITIATED' | 'NOT_STARTED' | 'REJECTED' | 'RENEWED'[]
  start?: string
  start_date_range?: {
  end?: {
  offset: number
  unit: 'day' | 'month' | 'quarter' | 'week' | 'year'
}
  start?: {
  offset: number
  unit: 'day' | 'month' | 'quarter' | 'week' | 'year'
}
}
}

response: {
  data: {
  auto_renewal: boolean
  available_actions: Record<string, unknown>
  contract_owners: {
  email: string
  first_name: string
  full_name: string
  id: string
  last_name: string
  profile_picture_url?: string
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  currency: string
  custom_record_field_values: {
  column_display_name: string
  column_id: string
  value: {
  display_name: string
  type: 'boolean'
  value: boolean
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: {
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  row_id: string
  type: 'custom_table'
}[]
  table_name: string
  type: 'custom_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'date'
  value: string /* date */
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: {
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  type: 'native_table'
}[]
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type: 'native_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'number'
  value: number
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'text'
  value: string
}
}[]
  days_remaining: {
  end_date_used?: 'END_DATE' | 'LAST_DATE_TO_TERMINATE'
  is_expired?: boolean
  is_overdue?: boolean
  num_days_until_end?: number
}
  deleted_at?: string /* date */
  department?: {
  id: string
  name: string
}
  description?: string
  draft_spend_requests: {
  id: string
  name?: string
  source: 'EXPANSION_REQUEST' | 'RENEWAL' | 'REQUEST_APPROVAL' | 'REQUEST_LINKED_TO_AGREEMENT'
  total_amount?: string
  unified_request_id: string
  updated_at?: string /* date */
}[]
  end_date?: string /* date */
  has_approved_renewal_request: boolean
  id: string
  is_snoozed: boolean
  is_up_for_renewal: boolean
  last_date_to_terminate?: string /* date */
  latest_renewal_request?: {
  currency: string
  id: string
  name?: string
  request_status: 'APPROVED' | 'DRAFT' | 'REJECTED' | 'SUBMITTED'
  submitted_at?: string /* date */
  total_amount?: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  unified_request_id: string
  user_full_name: string
}
  logo?: string
  name: string
  notifications_on: boolean
  payee_id: string
  payee_name: string
  renewal_status: 'CANCELLED' | 'EXPIRED' | 'INITIATED' | 'NOT_STARTED' | 'REJECTED' | 'RENEWED'
  start_date?: string /* date */
  total_value: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  updated_at: string /* date */
  vendor_owners: {
  first_name: string
  full_name: string
  id: string
  last_name: string
}[]
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: List all vendor credits for all vendors of a business
path: /developer/v1/vendors/credits
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  applied_bills: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_id: string
}[]
  applied_draft_bills: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_id: string
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  expense_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
}[]
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  unit_quantity: number
}[]
  reference_bill_id: string
  reference_number: string
  remaining_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_applied_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  vendor_id: string
}[][]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a vendor credit
path: /developer/v1/vendors/credits/{vendor_credit_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  applied_bills: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_id: string
}[]
  applied_draft_bills: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_id: string
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  expense_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
}[]
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  unit_quantity: number
}[]
  reference_bill_id: string
  reference_number: string
  remaining_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_applied_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  vendor_id: string
}


---

title: Delete a vendor
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}
description: A vendor cannot be deleted if it has associated transactions, bills, contracts, or spend requests.

request: none

response: none


---

title: Fetch a vendor
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  accounting_vendor_remote_id: string
  address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  billing_frequency?: 'ANNUAL' | 'MONTHLY' | 'MULTIPLE' | 'NA' | 'OTHER' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'ROLLING' | 'TBD' | 'TWICE_A_YEAR'
  contacts: string[]
  country: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  custom_form_collection_response: {
  custom_form_collection_log_entry: {
  allow_comments: boolean
  forms: {
  fields: {
  attachments?: RampDocumentSchema[]
  conditions: WorkflowsCondition
  description: string
  field: CustomFormAddressFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormBooleanFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormContactFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDateFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormDepartmentFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormEmailFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormFileUploadFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormLinkFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantCategoryFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMerchantFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormMonetaryAmountFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormNumberFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormParagraphFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextMultiSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormTextSingleSelectFieldResponseDumpSchema | CustomFormVendorFieldResponseDumpSchema
  field_id: string
  global_library_field_id?: string
  is_mapped_to_ironclad_field?: boolean
  is_used_in_approval_workflow_condition?: boolean
  is_used_in_custom_form_workflow_condition?: boolean
  label: string
  required: boolean
  validation_errors?: CustomFormFieldValidationErrorSchemaV2[]
  value_display_string: string
}[]
  label: string
}[]
  label: string
}
}
  custom_record_fields: {
  column_display_name: string
  column_id: string
  value: {
  display_name: string
  type: 'boolean'
  value: boolean
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: {
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  row_id: string
  type: 'custom_table'
}[]
  table_name: string
  type: 'custom_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'date'
  value: string /* date */
} | {
  has_more: boolean
  rows: {
  display_name: string
  external_key: string
  type: 'native_table'
}[]
  table_name: 'accounting_field_options' | 'bills' | 'business_entities' | 'cards' | 'contracts' | 'departments' | 'limits' | 'locations' | 'purchase_order_line_items' | 'purchase_orders' | 'reimbursements' | 'transactions' | 'users' | 'vendors'
  type: 'native_table'
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'number'
  value: number
} | {
  display_name: string
  type: 'text'
  value: string
}
}[]
  default_entity_id: string
  default_payment_method: {
  policy?: {
  data: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
} | {
  data: {
  account_nickname?: string
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  id: string
  is_default?: boolean
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
}
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
} | {
  card_payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
}
  update_source?: 'AUTO' | 'MANUAL'
}
  description?: string
  external_vendor_id: string
  federal_tax_classification?: 'C_CORPORATION' | 'INDIVIDUAL_SOLE_PROPRIETOR_SINGLE_MEMBER_LLC' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LLC_C_CORPORATION' | 'LLC_PARTNERSHIP' | 'LLC_S_CORPORATION' | 'OTHER' | 'PARTNERSHIP' | 'S_CORPORATION' | 'TRUST_ESTATE'
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_deletable: boolean
  merchant_id?: string
  name: string
  name_legal?: string
  sk_category_id?: number
  sk_category_name?: string
  state?: string
  subsidiary?: string[]
  tax_address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  total_spend_all_time: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_30_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_365_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_ytd: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  vendor_owner_id: string
  vendor_type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}


---

title: Update a vendor
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}
description: No description

request: {
  accounting_vendor_remote_id?: string
  address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country?: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  country?: string
  description?: string
  external_vendor_id?: string
  is_active?: boolean
  state?: string
  vendor_tracking_category_option_id?: string
}

response: {
  accounting_vendor_remote_id: string
  address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  billing_frequency?: 'ANNUAL' | 'MONTHLY' | 'MULTIPLE' | 'NA' | 'OTHER' | 'QUARTERLY' | 'ROLLING' | 'TBD' | 'TWICE_A_YEAR'
  contacts: string[]
  country: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  default_entity_id: string
  default_payment_method: {
  policy?: {
  data: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
} | {
  data: {
  account_nickname?: string
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  id: string
  is_default?: boolean
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
}
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
} | {
  card_payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
  kind: 'ADDRESS' | 'BANK_ACCOUNT' | 'CARD' | 'MANUAL'
}
  update_source?: 'AUTO' | 'MANUAL'
}
  description?: string
  external_vendor_id: string
  federal_tax_classification?: 'C_CORPORATION' | 'INDIVIDUAL_SOLE_PROPRIETOR_SINGLE_MEMBER_LLC' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LLC_C_CORPORATION' | 'LLC_PARTNERSHIP' | 'LLC_S_CORPORATION' | 'OTHER' | 'PARTNERSHIP' | 'S_CORPORATION' | 'TRUST_ESTATE'
  id: string
  is_active: boolean
  is_deletable: boolean
  merchant_id?: string
  name: string
  name_legal?: string
  sk_category_id?: number
  sk_category_name?: string
  state?: string
  subsidiary?: string[]
  tax_address?: {
  address_line_1: string
  address_line_2?: string
  city: string
  country: string
  postal_code: string
  state?: string
}
  total_spend_all_time: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_30_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_last_365_days: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_spend_ytd: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  vendor_owner_id: string
  vendor_type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
}


---

title: List vendor bank accounts
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/accounts
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  account_nickname?: string
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  id: string
  is_default?: boolean
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a vendor bank account
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/accounts/{bank_account_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  account_nickname?: string
  currency: 'AED' | 'AFN' | 'ALL' | 'AMD' | 'ANG' | 'AOA' | 'ARS' | 'AUD' | 'AWG' | 'AZN' | 'BAM' | 'BBD' | 'BDT' | 'BGN' | 'BHD' | 'BIF' | 'BMD' | 'BND' | 'BOB' | 'BOV' | 'BRL' | 'BSD' | 'BTN' | 'BWP' | 'BYN' | 'BZD' | 'CAD' | 'CDF' | 'CHE' | 'CHF' | 'CHW' | 'CLF' | 'CLP' | 'CNH' | 'CNY' | 'COP' | 'COU' | 'CRC' | 'CUC' | 'CUP' | 'CVE' | 'CZK' | 'DJF' | 'DKK' | 'DOP' | 'DZD' | 'EGP' | 'ERN' | 'ETB' | 'EUR' | 'EURC' | 'FJD' | 'FKP' | 'GBP' | 'GEL' | 'GHS' | 'GIP' | 'GMD' | 'GNF' | 'GTQ' | 'GYD' | 'HKD' | 'HNL' | 'HRK' | 'HTG' | 'HUF' | 'IDR' | 'ILS' | 'INR' | 'IQD' | 'IRR' | 'ISK' | 'JMD' | 'JOD' | 'JPY' | 'KES' | 'KGS' | 'KHR' | 'KMF' | 'KPW' | 'KRW' | 'KWD' | 'KYD' | 'KZT' | 'LAK' | 'LBP' | 'LKR' | 'LRD' | 'LSL' | 'LYD' | 'MAD' | 'MDL' | 'MGA' | 'MKD' | 'MMK' | 'MNT' | 'MOP' | 'MRU' | 'MUR' | 'MVR' | 'MWK' | 'MXN' | 'MXV' | 'MYR' | 'MZN' | 'NAD' | 'NGN' | 'NIO' | 'NOK' | 'NPR' | 'NZD' | 'OMR' | 'PAB' | 'PEN' | 'PGK' | 'PHP' | 'PKR' | 'PLN' | 'PYG' | 'QAR' | 'RON' | 'RSD' | 'RUB' | 'RWF' | 'SAR' | 'SBD' | 'SCR' | 'SDG' | 'SEK' | 'SGD' | 'SHP' | 'SLE' | 'SLL' | 'SOS' | 'SRD' | 'SSP' | 'STN' | 'SVC' | 'SYP' | 'SZL' | 'THB' | 'TJS' | 'TMT' | 'TND' | 'TOP' | 'TRY' | 'TTD' | 'TWD' | 'TZS' | 'UAH' | 'UGX' | 'USD' | 'USDB' | 'USDC' | 'USN' | 'UYI' | 'UYU' | 'UYW' | 'UZS' | 'VED' | 'VES' | 'VND' | 'VUV' | 'WST' | 'XAD' | 'XAF' | 'XAG' | 'XAU' | 'XBA' | 'XBB' | 'XBC' | 'XBD' | 'XCD' | 'XCG' | 'XDR' | 'XOF' | 'XPD' | 'XPF' | 'XPT' | 'XSU' | 'XTS' | 'XUA' | 'XXX' | 'YER' | 'ZAR' | 'ZMW' | 'ZWG' | 'ZWL'
  id: string
  is_default?: boolean
  payment_method: 'ACH' | 'AUTOMATIC_CARD_PAYMENT' | 'CARD' | 'CHECK' | 'CRYPTO_WALLET_TRANSFER' | 'DOMESTIC_WIRE' | 'INTERNATIONAL' | 'LOCAL_BANK_TRANSFER' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD' | 'ONE_TIME_CARD_DELIVERY' | 'PAID_MANUALLY' | 'RTP' | 'SWIFT' | 'UNSPECIFIED' | 'VENDOR_CREDIT'
}


---

title: Archive a vendor bank account
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/accounts/{bank_account_id}/archive
description: If the bank account has associated bills, drafts, or recurring templates,
a replacement_bank_account_id must be provided in the request body.

request: {
  replacement_bank_account_id?: string
}

response: none


---

title: List vendor contacts for vendor
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/contacts
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  email: string
  first_name: string
  id: string
  is_default: boolean
  last_name: string
  phone: string
}[]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Fetch a vendor contact
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/contacts/{vendor_contact_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  email: string
  first_name: string
  id: string
  is_default: boolean
  last_name: string
  phone: string
}


---

title: List vendor credits by vendor
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/credits
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  data: {
  accounting_date: string /* date */
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  applied_bills: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_id: string
}[]
  applied_draft_bills: {
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  bill_id: string
}[]
  created_at: string /* date */
  expense_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
}[]
  id: string
  inventory_line_items: {
  accounting_field_selections: {
  category_info: {
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  type: 'AMORTIZATION_TEMPLATE' | 'BILLABLE' | 'COST_CENTER' | 'CUSTOMERS_JOBS' | 'DEFERRAL_CODE' | 'EXPENSE_ENTITY' | 'GL_ACCOUNT' | 'INVENTORY_ITEM' | 'JOURNAL' | 'MERCHANT' | 'NON_ERP' | 'OTHER' | 'PROJECT' | 'REPORTING_TAG' | 'SUBSIDIARY' | 'TAX_CODE'
}
  external_code?: string
  external_id: string
  id: string
  name: string
  provider_name: string
}[]
  amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  memo?: string
  unit_price: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  unit_quantity: number
}[]
  reference_bill_id: string
  reference_number: string
  remaining_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  total_applied_amount: {
  amount: number
  currency_code: string
  minor_unit_conversion_rate: number
}
  vendor_id: string
}[][]
  page: {
  next: string
}
}


---

title: Add to a vendor's bank account details
path: /developer/v1/vendors/{vendor_id}/update-bank-accounts
description: Adds payment details for the vendor through the approval workflow.
The proposal may require approval depending on the business's approval policies.

Supported payment methods:
- ACH: US bank account with routing and account numbers
- Wire: US wire transfer with routing and account numbers

request: {
  account_nickname?: string
  ach_details?: {
  account_name?: string
  account_number: string
  account_owner_type?: 'BUSINESS' | 'INDIVIDUAL'
  account_type?: 'Checking' | 'Savings'
  routing_number: string
}
  is_default?: boolean
  wire_details?: {
  account_name?: string
  account_number: string
  routing_number: string
}
}

response: none


---

title: Get all webhook subscriptions
path: /developer/v1/webhooks
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  business_id?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  endpoint_url: string
  event_types: 'applications.status_updated' | 'bills.approved' | 'bills.archived' | 'bills.created' | 'bills.paid' | 'bills.rejected' | 'item_receipts.created' | 'purchase_orders.archived' | 'purchase_orders.created' | 'purchase_orders.updated' | 'reimbursements.batch_payment_reimbursed' | 'reimbursements.ready_for_review' | 'reimbursements.ready_to_sync' | 'reimbursements.sync_requested' | 'spend_requests.comment_created' | 'tests.test_event' | 'transactions.authorized' | 'transactions.cleared' | 'transactions.ready_for_review' | 'transactions.ready_to_sync' | 'transactions.sync_requested' | 'unified_requests.created' | 'unified_requests.external_approval_request' | 'unified_requests.external_approval_request_reset' | 'unified_requests.modified' | 'unified_requests.node_advanced' | 'unified_requests.override_approved' | 'unified_requests.updated' | 'vendors.activated' | 'webhooks.verification'[]
  id: string
  status: 'active' | 'inactive' | 'pending_verification'
  updated_at: string /* date */
}[]


---

title: Creates a new webhook subscription
path: /developer/v1/webhooks
description: The newly registered subscription will be in the pending verficiation state. You will need to verify your endpoint with the provided challenge.

request: {
  additional_headers?: Record<string, unknown>
  endpoint_url: string
  event_types: 'applications.status_updated' | 'bills.approved' | 'bills.archived' | 'bills.created' | 'bills.paid' | 'bills.rejected' | 'item_receipts.created' | 'purchase_orders.archived' | 'purchase_orders.created' | 'purchase_orders.updated' | 'reimbursements.batch_payment_reimbursed' | 'reimbursements.ready_for_review' | 'reimbursements.ready_to_sync' | 'reimbursements.sync_requested' | 'spend_requests.comment_created' | 'tests.test_event' | 'transactions.authorized' | 'transactions.cleared' | 'transactions.ready_for_review' | 'transactions.ready_to_sync' | 'transactions.sync_requested' | 'unified_requests.created' | 'unified_requests.external_approval_request' | 'unified_requests.external_approval_request_reset' | 'unified_requests.modified' | 'unified_requests.node_advanced' | 'unified_requests.override_approved' | 'unified_requests.updated' | 'vendors.activated' | 'webhooks.verification'[]
}

response: none


---

title: Delete a webhook subscription by id
path: /developer/v1/webhooks/{webhook_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: none


---

title: Get a webhook subscription by id
path: /developer/v1/webhooks/{webhook_id}
description: No description

request: none

response: {
  business_id?: string
  created_at: string /* date */
  endpoint_url: string
  event_types: 'applications.status_updated' | 'bills.approved' | 'bills.archived' | 'bills.created' | 'bills.paid' | 'bills.rejected' | 'item_receipts.created' | 'purchase_orders.archived' | 'purchase_orders.created' | 'purchase_orders.updated' | 'reimbursements.batch_payment_reimbursed' | 'reimbursements.ready_for_review' | 'reimbursements.ready_to_sync' | 'reimbursements.sync_requested' | 'spend_requests.comment_created' | 'tests.test_event' | 'transactions.authorized' | 'transactions.cleared' | 'transactions.ready_for_review' | 'transactions.ready_to_sync' | 'transactions.sync_requested' | 'unified_requests.created' | 'unified_requests.external_approval_request' | 'unified_requests.external_approval_request_reset' | 'unified_requests.modified' | 'unified_requests.node_advanced' | 'unified_requests.override_approved' | 'unified_requests.updated' | 'vendors.activated' | 'webhooks.verification'[]
  id: string
  status: 'active' | 'inactive' | 'pending_verification'
  updated_at: string /* date */
}


---

title: Verify a webhook subscription
path: /developer/v1/webhooks/{webhook_id}/verify
description: No description

request: {
  challenge: string
}

response: {
  success: boolean
}


---

